I live in the American Gardens Building on West 81st Street on the 11th floor. My name is Patrick Bateman. I m 27 years old. I believe in taking care of myself, and a balanced diet and a rigorous exercise routine. In the morning, if my face is a little puffy, I ll put on an ice pack while doing my stomach crunches. I can do a thousand now. After I remove the ice pack I use a deep pore cleanser lotion. In the shower I use a water activated gel cleanser, then a honey almond body scrub, and on the face an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb-mint facial masque which I leave on for 10 minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine. I always use an after shave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion. There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman. Some kind of abstraction. But there is no real me. Only an entity. Something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours, and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable, I simply am not there.
I don t know much about myself, I know im an orphan, I know I m a freak,
and of course i know that im Japanese. But why do i have such terrible nightmares, filled with hate and blood and guts? I m not like that at all, I wouldn t even hurt a fly, oh there he goes, back to his family, oh i envy him. sometimes i wonder about my parents, are they san masters? did they serve the emperor? oh sometimes i wonder what my mom and dad are really like.
Boy, boy, crazy boy. Get cool boy. Got a rocket in your pocket, keep cooly cool boy. Don t get hot,  cause man you ve got some high times ahead. Take it slow and daddy-o, you can live it up and die in bed. Boy, boy, crazy boy. Stay loose boy. Breeze it. Buzz it. Easy does it. Turn off the juice boy. Go, man, go. But not like a yo-yo school boy. Just play it cool boy. Real cool.
All right, I ll say this: what this town owes Will Kane here can never be paid with money and don t ever forget it. He s the best marshall we ever had, may be the best marshall we ll ever have. So if Miller comes back here today, it s our problem not his. It s our problem because this is our town. We made it with our own hands out of nothing, and if we want to keep it decent, keep it growing we gotta think mighty clear here today. And we gotta have the courage to do what we think is right! No matter how hard it is. All right. There s gonna be fighting when Kane and Miller meet. And somebody s gonna get hurt, that s for sure. Now, people up North are thinking about this town, thinking mighty hard, thinking about sending money down here to put up stores and to building factories. It ll mean a lot to this town, an awful lot; but if they re gonna read about shooting and killing in the streets, what are they gonna think then? I ll tell ya. They re going to think this is just another wide open town. And everything we worked for will be wiped out. In one day, this town will be set back five years. And I don t think we can let that happen. Mind you, you all know how I feel about this man. He s a mighty brave man. A good man. He didn t have to come back here today and for his sake and the sake of this town I wish he hadn t. Because if he s not here when Miller comes, my hunch is there wont be any trouble. Not one bit. Tomorrow we ll have a new marshall and if we can all agree here to offer him our services, I think we can handle anything that comes along. To me that makes sense. To me thats the only way out of this. Will, I think you better go while there s still time. It s better for you and it s better for us.

Triumph complete, Judah. The race won. The enemy destroyed.   What do you think you see? The smashed body of a wretched animal. There s enough of a man still left here for you to hate. Let me help you.   You think they re dead? Your mother and sister? Dead? And the race over? It isn t over Judah. They re not dead.   Look for them in the valley of the lepers. If you can recognize them.   It goes on. It goes on Judah. The race is not over. 


Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest so long as I live on! I killed you. Haunt me, then! Haunt your murderer! I know that ghosts have wandered on the Earth. Be with me always. Take any form, drive me mad, only do not leave me in this dark alone where I cannot find you. I cannot live without my life! I cannot die without my soul.   What do they know of heaven or hell, Cathy, who know nothing of life? 

Yes, ten years have made another man of me. And why? Because I am overworked. Nurse, I am on my feet from morning until evening. I know no rest at all: at night I shake under my bedclothes for fear I ll be dragged out to visit some sick people. Ever since I ve known you, I haven t had a single carefree day. How could I help growing old? Life is tedious, anyhow; it is a senseless, dirty business, and drags heavily. Every one in this neighborhood is silly, and after you live with them for two or three years you grow silly yourself. It is inevitable. See what a long moustache I have grown. A silly, long moustache. Yes, I am as silly as all the others, nurse, but not as stupid; no I have not grown stupid. Thank God, my brain is not muddled yet, though my feelings have grown dull. I ask for nothing, I need nothing, I love no one, except yourself alone. When I was a child, I had a nurse just like you. During the third week of Lent, an epidemic of eruptive typhoid broke out at Malitskoi, and I was called there. The peasants were all stretched side by side in their huts, and the calves and pigs were running about the floor among the sick. How filthy it was, and such smoke! Beyond words! I slaved among those people all day. I hadn t a crumb to eat. But when I got home there was still no rest for me: a switchman was carried in from the railroad; I laid him on the operating table and he died in my arms under the chloroform. And then although my feelings should have been deadened, they rose again; my conscience tortured me as if I had murdered him. I sat down and shut my eyes like this and thought: will our descendants two hundred years from to-day, for whom we are breaking the path, remember us in a kindly spirit? No, nurse, they will forget.

I pray thee, give it me.
I know a bank where the wild thyme blows,
Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows,
Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine,
With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine:
There sleeps Titania sometime of the night,
Lull d in these flowers with dances and delight;
And there the snake throws her enamell d skin,
Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in:
And with the juice of this I ll streak her eyes,
And make her full of hateful fantasies.
Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove:
A sweet Athenian lady is in love
With a disdainful youth: anoint his eyes;
But do it when the next thing he espies
May be the lady: thou shalt know the man
By the Athenian garments he hath on.
Effect it with some care, that he may prove
More fond on her than she upon her love:
And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow.


I ve called you here as freeborn Englishmen, loyal to our king. While he reigned over us, we lived in peace. But since Prince John has seized the regency, Guy of Gisbourne and the rest of his traitors have murdered and pillaged. You ve all suffered from their cruelty: the ear loppings, the beatings, the blindings with hot irons, the burning of our farms and homes, the mistreatment of our women. It s time to put an end to this! Now, this forest is wide. It can shelter and clothe and feed a band of good, determined men, good swordsmen, good archers, good fighters. Men, if you re willing to fight for our people, I want you! Are you with me?   That you, the freemen of this forest, swear to despoil the rich only to give to the poor, to shelter the old and the helpless, to protect all women rich or poor, Norman or Saxon. Swear to fight for a free England. To protect her loyally until the return of our King and sovereign Richard the Lion Heart. And swear to fight to the death against our oppressors!


I do much wonder that one man, seeing how much another man is a fool when he dedicates his behaviors to love, will, after he hath laughed at such shallow follies in others, become the argument of his own scorn by failing in love: and such a man is Claudio. I have known when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife; and now had he rather hear the tabour and the pipe: I have known when he would have walked ten mile a-foot to see a good armour; and now will he lie ten nights awake, carving the fashion of a new doublet. He was wont to speak plain and to the purpose, like an honest man and a soldier; and now is he turned orthography; his words are a very fantastical banquet, just so many strange dishes. May I be so converted and see with these eyes? I cannot tell; I think not: I will not be sworn, but love may transform me to an oyster; but I ll take my oath on it, till he have made an oyster of me, he shall never make me such a fool. One woman is fair, yet I am well; another is wise, yet I am well; another virtuous, yet I am well; but till all graces be in one woman, one woman shall not come in my grace. Rich she shall be, that s certain; wise, or I ll none; virtuous, or I ll never cheapen her; fair, or I ll never look on her; mild, or come not near me; noble, or not I for an angel; of good discourse, an excellent musician, and her hair shall be of what colour it please God. Ha! the prince and Monsieur Love! I will hide me in the arbour.


If we shadows have offended,
Think but this, and all is mended,
That you have but slumber d here
While these visions did appear.
And this weak and idle theme,
No more yielding but a dream,
Gentles, do not reprehend:
if you pardon, we will mend:
And, as I am an honest Puck,
If we have unearned luck
Now to  scape the serpent s tongue,
We will make amends ere long;
Else the Puck a liar call;
So, good night unto you all.
Give me your hands, if we be friends,
And Robin shall restore amends.


Father, the gods implant reason in men, the highest of all things that we call our own. Not mine the skill, far from me be the quest! To say wherein thou speakest not aright; and yet another man, too, might have some useful thought. At least, it is my natural office to watch, on thy behalf, all that men say, or do, or find to blame. For the dread of thy frown forbids the citizen to speak such words as would offend thine ear; but I can hear these murmurs in the dark, these moanings of the city for this maiden;  No woman,  they say,  ever merited her doom less, none ever was to die so shamefully for deeds so glorious as hers; who, when her own brother had fallen in bloody strife, would not leave him unburied, to be devoured by carrion dogs, or by any bird: deserves not she the meed of golden honor?  Such is the darkling rumor that spreads in secret. For me, my father, no treasure is so precious as thy welfare. What, indeed, is a nobler ornament for children than a prospering sire s fair fame, or for sire than son s? Wear not, then, one mood only in thyself; think not that thy word, and thine alone, must be right. For if any man thinks that he alone is wise that in speech, or in mind, he hath no peer such a soul, when laid open, is ever found empty. No, though a man be wise,  tis no shame for him to learn many things, and to bend in season. Seest thou, beside the wintry torrent s course, how the trees that yield to it save every twig, while the stiff-necked perish root and branch? And even thus he who keeps the sheet of his sail taut, and never slackens it, upsets the boat, and finishes his voyage with keel uppermost. Nay, forego thy wrath; permit thyself to change. For if I, a younger man, may offer my thought, it were far best, I ween, that men should be all-wise by nature; but, otherwise and oft the scale inclines not so  tis good also to learn from those who speak aright.


Sirs, the vessel of our state, after being tossed on wild waves, hath once more been safely steadied by the gods: and ye, out of all the folk, have been called apart by my summons, because I knew, first of all, how true and constant was your reverence for the royal power of Laius; how, again, when Oedipus was ruler of our land, and when he had perished, your steadfast loyalty still upheld their children. Since, then, his sons have fallen in one day by a twofold doom, each smitten by the other, each stained with a brother s blood, I now possess the throne and all its powers, by nearness of kinship to the dead. No man can be fully known, in soul and spirit and mind, until he hath been seen versed in rule and law-giving. For if any, being supreme guide of the state, cleaves not to the best counsels, but, through some fear, keeps his lips locked, I hold, and have ever held, him most base; and if any makes a friend of more account than his fatherland, that man hath no place in my regard. For I, be Zeus my witness, who sees all things always, would not be silent if I saw ruin, instead of safety, coming to the citizens; nor would I ever deem the country s foe a friend to myself; remembering this, that our country is the ship that bears us safe, and that only while she prospers in our voyage can we make true friends. Such are the rules by which I guard this city s greatness. And in accord with them is the edict which I have now published to the folk touching the sons of Oedipus; that Eteocles, who hath fallen fighting for our city, in all renown of arms, shall be entombed, and crowned with every rite that follows the noblest dead to their rest. But for his brother, Polyneices who came back from exile, and sought to consume utterly with fire the city of his fathers and the shrines of his fathers  gods sought to taste of kindred blood, and to lead the remnant into slavery touching this man, it hath been proclaimed to our people that none shall grace him with sepulture or lament, but leave him unburied, a corpse for birds and dogs to eat, a ghastly sight of shame.

We can t strike. Why not? Because it s against the law to strike! The king has declared that everything is a crime. Writing is a crime. Two weeks ago, the police destroyed the Galaty, the worker s newspaper. They smashed the press. They burned over two thousand newspapers but that didn t satisfy the king. Three days ago at a student meeting, a peaceful meeting, soldiers broke it up and arrested two of my friends. Writing, talking, going to class, speaking out is a crime. Being poor is a crime. Being poor is the worst crime of all. And if you commit these crimes, you are condemned for life. Our government has no mercy, no pity, no forgiveness. And there s no work for us. And because there s no work, our children are starving. Tell me: why are we powerless to save the people we love? All of you know. Tell me why? The king betrayed us. We were promised the vote, do we have it? Do we have the vote? Where is the republic our fathers died for? It s here my brothers. It lives here in our heads. But most of all, best of all, it s here in our hearts. In our hearts we are the Republic!

If music be the food of love, play on;
Give me excess of it, that, surfeiting,
The appetite may sicken, and so die.
That strain again! it had a dying fall:
O, it came o er my ear like the sweet sound,
That breathes upon a bank of violets,
Stealing and giving odour! Enough; no more:
 Tis not so sweet now as it was before.
O spirit of love! how quick and fresh art thou,
That, notwithstanding thy capacity
Receiveth as the sea, nought enters there,
Of what validity and pitch soe er,
But falls into abatement and low price,
Even in a minute: so full of shapes is fancy
That it alone is high fantastical.


I didn t go to the moon. I went much further, for time is the longest distance between two places. Not long after that I left St. Louis. I descended the steps of our fire escape for the last time and from then on I followed in my father s footsteps attempting to find in motion what was lost in space. I traveled around a great deal. The city swept about me like dead leaves, leaves that were brightly colored but torn away from the branches. I would have stopped but I was pursued by something that always came upon me unawares taking me all together by surprise. Perhaps it was a familiar bit of music. Perhaps it was only a piece of transparent glass. Perhaps I m walking along the street at night in some strange city before I have found companions. And I pass a lighted window of a shop where perfume is sold. Windows filled with pieces of colored glass. Tiny transparent bottles and delicate colors like bits of a shattered rainbow. Then all at once my sister touches my shoulder and I turn around and look into her eyes.   Laura. Laura. I tried so hard to leave you behind me but I am more faithful than I intended to be. I reach for a cigarette, I cross a street, I run to the movies or to a bar. I buy a drink. I speak to the nearest stranger. Anything that will blow your candles out. For nowadays the world is lit by lightning. Blow out your candles Laura. And so goodbye.


This play was good enough for us, Harry. It was Romeo and Juliet. I must admit that I was rather annoyed at the idea of seeing Shakespeare done in such a wretched hole of a place. Still, I felt interested, in a sort of way. At any rate, I determined to wait for the first act. There was a dreadful orchestra, presided over by a young Hebrew who sat at a cracked piano, that nearly drove me away, but at last the drop-scene was drawn up, and the play began. Romeo was a stout elderly gentleman, with corked eyebrows, a husky tragedy voice, and a figure like a beer-barrel. Mercutio was almost as bad. He was played by the low-comedian, who had introduced gags of his own and was on most friendly terms with the pit. They were both as grotesque as the scenery, and that looked as if it had come out of a country booth. But Juliet! Harry, imagine a girl, hardly seventeen years of age, with a little flower-like face, a small Greek head with plaited coils of dark-brown hair, eyes that were violet wells of passion, lips that were like the petals of a rose. She was the loveliest thing I had ever seen in my life. You said to me once that pathos left you unmoved, but that beauty, mere beauty, could fill your eyes with tears. I tell you, Harry, I could hardly see this girl for the mist of tears that came across me. And her voice I never heard such a voice. It was very low at first, with deep, mellow notes, that seemed to fall singly upon one s ear. Then it became a little louder, and sounded like a flute or a distant hautbois. In the garden scene it had all the tremulous ecstasy that one hears just before dawn when nightingales are singing. There were moments, later on, when it had the wild passion of violets. You know how a voice can stir one. Your voice and the voice of Sibyl Vane are two things that I shall never forget. When I close my eyes, I hear them, and each of them says something different. I don t know which to follow. Why should I not love her? Harry, I do love her. She is everything to me in life. Night after night I go to see her play. One evening she is Rosalind, and the next evening she is Imogen. I have seen her die in the gloom of an Italian tomb, sucking the poison from her lover s lips. I have watched her wandering through the forest of Arden, disguised as a pretty boy in hose and doublet and dainty cap. She has been mad, and has come into the presence of a guilty king, and given him rue to wear, and bitter herbs to taste of. She has been innocent, and the black hands of jealousy have crushed her reed-like throat. I have seen her in every age and in every costume. Ordinary women never appeal to one s imagination. They are limited to their century. No glamour ever transfigures them. One knows their minds as easily as one knows their bonnets. One can always find them. There is no mystery in any of them. They ride in the Park in the morning, and chatter at tea-parties in the afternoon. They have their stereotyped smile, and their fashionable manner. They are quite obvious. But an actress! How different an actress is! Harry! why didn t you tell me that the only thing worth loving is an actress? 

Peace! Speak not to me! Salome, I pray thee be not stubborn. I have ever been kind toward thee. I have ever loved thee. It may be that I have loved thee too much. Therefore ask not this thing of me. This is a terrible thing, an awful thing to ask of me. Surely, thou art jesting. The head of a man   cut from his body   is ill to look upon. It is not meet that the eyes of a virgin should look upon such a thing. What pleasure couldst thou have in it? No, no, it is not that thou desirest. Hearken to me. I have an emerald, a great emerald and round, that the minion of Caesar has sent unto me. When thou lookest through this emerald thou canst see that which passeth afar off. Caesar himself carries such an emerald when he goes to the circus. But my emerald is the larger. I know well that it is the larger. It is the largest emerald in the whole world. Thou wilt take that, wilt thou not? Ask it of me and I will give it thee. [Pause.] I have jewels hidden in this place   jewels that thy mother even has never seen, jewels that are marvelous to look at. I have a collar of pearls, set in four rows. They are like unto moons chained with rays of silver. They are even as half a hundred moons caught in a gold net. On the ivory breast of a queen they have rested. Thou shalt be as fair as a queen when thou wearest them. I have amethysts of two kinds; one that is black like wine, and one that is red like wine that one has colored with water. I have topazes yellow as are the eyes of tigers, and topazes that are pink as the eyes of a wood-pigeon, and green topazes that are as the eyes of cats. I have opals that burn always, with a flame that is cold as ice, opals that make sad men s minds, and are afraid of the shadows. I have onyxes like the eyeballs of a dead woman. I have moonstones that change when the moon changes, and are wan when they see the sun. I have sapphires big like eggs, and as blue as blue flowers. The sea wanders within them, and the moon comes never to trouble the blue of their waves. I have chrysolites and beryls, and chrysoprases and rubies; I have sardonyx and hyacinth stones, and stones of chalcedony, and I will give them all unto thee, all, and other things will I add to them. The King of the Indies has but even now sent me four fans fashioned from the feathers of parrots, and the King of Numidia a garment of ostrich feathers. I have a crystal, into which it is not lawful for a woman to look, nor may young men behold it until they have been beaten with rods. In a coffer of nacre I have three wondrous turquoises. He who wears them on his forehead can imagine things which are not, and he who carries them in his hand can turn the fruitful woman into a woman that is barren. These are great treasures. They are treasures above all price. But this is not all. In an ebony coffer I have two cups of amber that are like apples of pure gold. If an enemy pour poison into these cups they become like apples of silver. In a coffer incrusted with amber I have sandals incrusted with glass. I have mantles that have been brought from the land of the Seres, and bracelets decked about with carbuncles and with jade that come from the city of Euphrates. What desirest thou more than this, Salome? Tell me the thing that thou desirest, and I will give it thee. All that thou askest I will, save one thing only. I will give thee all that is mine, save only the life of one man. I will give thee the mantle of the high priest. I will give thee the veil of the sanctuary. Only thou must loose me from my oath, and must not ask of me that which thy lips have asked.
This bronze. Yes, now s the moment; I m looking at this thing on the mantelpiece, and I understand that I m in Hell. I tell you, everything s been thought out beforehand. They knew I d stand at the fireplace, stroking this thing of bronze, with all those eyes intent on me. Devouring me. What? Only two of you? I thought there were more; many more. So this is Hell. I d never have believed it. You remember all we were told about the torture-chambers, the fire and brimstone, the  burning marl.  Old wives  tales! There s no need for red-hot pokers. Hell is other people! 

All hail great master! grave sir, hail! I come
To answer thy best pleasure; be t to fly,
To swim, to dive into the fire, to ride
On the curl d clouds, to thy strong bidding task
Ariel and all his quality.
Perform d to point the tempest thy bade me.
I boarded the king s ship; now on the beak,
Now in the waist, the deck, in every cabin,
I flam d amazement: sometime I d divide,
And burn in many places; on the topmast,
The yards and boresprit, would I flame distinctly,
Then meet, and join. Jove s lightnings, the precursors
O  th  dreadful thunder-claps, more momentary
And sight-outrunning were not: the fire and cracks
Of sulphurous roaring the most mighty Neptune
Seem to besiege, and make his bold waves tremble,
Yea, his dead trident shake!!
Not a soul but felt a fever of the mad, and play d
Some tricks of desperation. All but mariners
Plung d in the foaming brine, and quit the vessel,
Then all afire with me: the King s son, Ferdinand,
With hair-upstaring,-then like reeds, not hair-
Was the first man that leap d, cried,  Hell is empty,
And all the devils are here! 


No, madam, there is no need for a stick, but only a heart less yielding and less melting at their love-tales. I am aware that your good looks accompany you, go where you will; but your reception retains those whom your eyes attract; and that gentleness, accorded to those who surrender their arms, finishes on their hearts the sway which your charms began. The too agreeable expectation which you offer them increases their assiduities towards you; and your complacency, a little less extended, would drive away the great crowd of so many admirers. But, tell me, at least, madam, by what good fortune Clitandre has the happiness of pleasing you so mightily? Upon what basis of merit and sublime virtue do you ground the honour of your regard for him?

I suppose I am dreadfully guilty, but my thoughts are muddled, my soul is in the grip of a kind of apathy, and I am no longer able to understand myself. I don t understand myself or other people. I should like to tell you everything from the beginning, but it s a long story, and such a complicated one that if I talked till morning I couldn t finish it. Anna is a remarkable, an extraordinary woman  She changed her religion for my sake, left her father and mother, gave up wealth, and if I had asked her for a hundred more sacrifices, she would have made them without batting an eye. But, you see, I am in no way remarkable, and I have sacrificed nothing. However, that s a long story. The whole point is that to put it briefly, I was passionately in love with her when I married, and swore that I would love her forever, but  Five years have passed, she still loves me, but I  Here you tell me that she is going to die soon, and I feel neither love nor pity, but only a sort of emptiness and lassitude. To anyone looking at me this must seem appalling; I myself don t understand what is happening within my soul.


We climbed beyond the utmost habitings
Of Theban shepherds, passed Asopus  springs,
And struck into the land of rock on dim
Cithaeron   Pentheus, and, attending him,
I, and the Stranger who should guide our way.
Then first in a green dell we stopped, and lay,
Lips dumb and feet unmoving, warily
Watching, to be unseen and yet to see. 

I did. I bought it. Wait a bit; don t hurry me; my head s in a whirl; I can t speak. . . . [Laughing.] When we got to the sale, Deriganof was there already. Leonid Andreyitch had only fifteen hundred pounds, and Deriganof bid three thousand more than the mortgage right away. When I saw how things stood, I went for him and bid four thousand. He said four thousand five hundred. I said five thousand five hundred. He went up by five hundreds, you see, and I went up by thousands. . . . Well, it was soon over. I bid nine thousand more than the mortgage, and got it; and now the cherry orchard is mine! Mine! [Laughing.] Heavens alive! Just think of it! The cherry orchard is mine! Tell me that I m drunk; tell me that I m off my head; tell me that it s all a dream! . . . [Stamping his feet.] Don t laugh at me! If only my father and my grandfather could rise from their graves and see the whole affair, how their Yermolai, their flogged and ignorant Yermolai, who used to run about barefooted in the winter, how this same Yermolai had bought a property that hasn t its equal for beauty anywhere in the whole world! I have bought the property where my father and grandfather were slaves, where they weren t even allowed into the kitchen. I m asleep, it s only a vision, it isn t real. . . .  T is the fruit of imagination, wrapped in the mists of ignorance. [Picking up Madame Ranevsky s keys and smiling affectionately.] She s thrown down her keys; she wants to show that she s no longer mistress here. . . . [Jingles them together.] Well, well, what s the odds? Hey, musicians play! I want to hear you. Come, every one, and see Yermolai Lopakhin lay his axe to the cherry orchard, come and see the trees fall down! We ll fill the place with villas; our grandsons and great-grandsons shall see a new life here. . . . Strike up, music! Here comes the new squire, the owner of the cherry orchard!

How all occasions do inform against me
And spur my dull revenge! What is a man,
If his chief good and market of his time
Be but to sleep and feed? A beast, no more.
Sure he that made us with such large discourse,
Looking before and after, gave us not
That capability and godlike reason
To fust in us unus d. Now, whether it be
Bestial oblivion, or some craven scruple
Of thinking too precisely on th  event,-
A thought which, quarter d, hath but one part wisdom
And ever three parts coward,- I do not know
Why yet I live to say  This thing s to do, 
Sith I have cause, and will, and strength, and means
To do t. Examples gross as earth exhort me.
Witness this army of such mass and charge,
Led by a delicate and tender prince,
Whose spirit, with divine ambition puff d,
Makes mouths at the invisible event,
Exposing what is mortal and unsure
To all that fortune, death, and danger dare,
Even for an eggshell. Rightly to be great
Is not to stir without great argument,
But greatly to find quarrel in a straw
When honour s at the stake. How stand I then,
That have a father kill d, a mother stain d,
Excitements of my reason and my blood,
And let all sleep, while to my shame I see
The imminent death of twenty thousand men
That for a fantasy and trick of fame
Go to their graves like beds, fight for a plot
Whereon the numbers cannot try the cause,
Which is not tomb enough and continent
To hide the slain? O, from this time forth,
My thoughts be bloody, or be nothing worth!   

If it were done when  tis done, then  twere well
It were done quickly: if the assassination
Could trammel up the consequence, and catch
With his surcease success; that but this blow
Might be the be-all and the end-all here,
But here, upon this bank and shoal of time,
We ld jump the life to come. But in these cases
We still have judgment here; that we but teach
Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return
To plague the inventor: this even-handed justice
Commends the ingredients of our poison d chalice
To our own lips. He s here in double trust;
First, as I am his kinsman and his subject,
Strong both against the deed; then, as his host,
Who should against his murderer shut the door,
Not bear the knife myself. Besides, this Duncan
Hath borne his faculties so meek, hath been
So clear in his great office, that his virtues
Will plead like angels, trumpet-tongued, against
The deep damnation of his taking-off;
And pity, like a naked new-born babe,
Striding the blast, or heaven s cherubim, horsed
Upon the sightless couriers of the air,
Shall blow the horrid deed in every eye,
That tears shall drown the wind. I have no spur
To prick the sides of my intent, but only
Vaulting ambition, which o erleaps itself
And falls on the other.  

O king! thou seest what numbers throng thy altars;
Here, bending sad beneath the weight of years,
The hoary priests, here crowd the chosen youth
Of Thebes, with these a weak and suppliant train
Of helpless infants, last in me behold
The minister of Jove: far off thou seest
Assembled multitudes, with laurel crowned,
To where Minerva s hallowed temples rise
Frequent repair, or where Ismenus laves
Apollo s sacred shrine: too well thou knowst
Thy wretched Thebes, with dreadful storms oppressed,
Scarce lifts her head above the whelming flood;
The teeming earth her blasted harvest mourns,
And on the barren plain the flocks and herds
Unnumbered perish; dire abortion thwarts
The mother s hopes, and painful she brings forth
The half-formed infant; baleful pestilence
Hath laid our city waste, the fiery god
Stalks o er deserted Thebes; while with our groans
Enriched, the gloomy god of Erebus
Triumphant smiles. O Oedipus! to thee
We bend; behold these youths, with me they kneel,
And suppliant at they altars sue for aid,
To thee the first of men, and only less
Than them whose favour thou alone canst gain,
The gods above; thy wisdom yet may heal
The deep-felt wounds, and make the powers divine
Propitous to us. Thebes long since to thee
Her safety owed, when from the Sphinx delivered
Thy grateful people saw thee, not by man
But by the gods instructed, save the land:
Now then, thou best of kings, assist us now.
Oh! by some mortal or immortal aid
Now succour the distress! On wisdom oft,
And prudent counsels in the hour of ill,
Success awaits. O dearest prince! support,
Relieve thy Thebes; on thee, its saviour once,
Again it calls. Now, if thou wouldst not see
The mem ry perish of thy former deeds,
Let it not call in vain, but rise and save!
With happiest omens once and fair success
We saw thee crowned: oh, be thyself again,
And may thy will and fortune be the same!
If thou art yet to reign, O king! remember
A sovereign s riches is a peopled realm;
For what will ships or lofty towers avail
Unarmed with men to guard and to defend them?
 

Ah, Faustus.
Now hast thou but one bare hour to live,
And then thou must be damn d perpetually!
Stand still, you ever-moving spheres of heaven,
That time may cease, and midnight never come;
Fair Nature s eye, rise, rise again, and make
Perpetual day; or let this hour be but
A year, a month, a week, a natural day,
That Faustus may repent and save his soul!
O lente, lente currite, noctis equi!
The stars move still, time runs, the clock will strike,
The devil will come, and Faustus must be damn d.
O, I ll leap up to my God! Who pulls me down? 
See, see, where Christ s blood streams in the firmament!
One drop would save my soul, half a drop: ah, my Christ! 
Ah, rend not my heart for naming of my Christ!
Yet will I call on him: O, spare me, Lucifer! 
Where is it now? tis gone: and see, where God
Stretcheth out his arm, and bends his ireful brows!
Mountains and hills, come, come, and fall on me,
And hide me from the heavy wrath of God!
No, no!
Then will I headlong run into the earth:
Earth, gape! O, no, it will not harbour me!
You stars that reign d at my nativity,
Whose influence hath alotted death and hell,
Now draw up Faustus, like a foggy mist,
Into the entrails of yon labouring clouds,
That, when you vomit forth into the air,
My limbs may issue from your smoky mouths,
So that my soul may but ascend to heaven!
Ah, half the hour is past!  twill all be past anon.
O God,
If thou wilt not have mercy on my soul,
Yet for Christ s sake, whose blood hath ransom d me,
Impose some end to my incessant pain;
Let Faustus live in hell a thousand years,
A hundred thousand, and at last be sav d!
O, no end is limited to damned souls!
Why wert thou not a creature wanting soul?
Or why is this immortal that thou hast?
Ah, Pythagoras  metempsychosis, were that true,
This soul should fly from me, and I be chang d
Unto some brutish beast! all beasts are happy,
For, when they die,
Their souls are soon dissolv d in elements;
But mine must live still to be plagu d in hell.
Curs d be the parents that engender d me!
No, Faustus, curse thyself, curse Lucifer
That hath depriv d thee of the joys of heaven.
O, it strikes, it strikes! Now, body, turn to air,
Or Lucifer will bear thee quick to hell!
O soul, be chang d into little water-drops,
And fall into the ocean, ne er be found!
My God, my God, look not so fierce on me!
Adders and serpents, let me breathe a while!
Ugly hell, gape not! come not, Lucifer!
I ll burn my books!
 

All is lost!
This foul Egyptian hath betrayed me:
My fleet hath yielded to the foe, and yonder
They cast their caps up and carouse together
Like friends long lost. Triple-turned whore!  tis thou
Has sold me to this novice, and my heart
Makes only wars on thee. Bid them all fly;
For when I am revenged upon my charm,
I have done all. Bid them all fly, begone.
O sun, thy uprise shall I see no more.
Fortune and Antony part here, even here
Do we shake hands. All come to this? The hearts
That spanieled me at heels, to whom I gave
Their wishes, do discandy, melt their sweets
On blossoming Caesar; and this pine is barked,
That overtopped them all. Betrayed I am.
O this false soul of Egypt! this grave charm,
Whose eye becked forth my wars, and called them home,
Whose bosom was my crownet, my chief end,
Like a right gypsy hath at fast and loose
Beguiled me to the very heart of loss.
What, Eros, Eros!
Ah, thou spell! Avaunt!
Vanish, or I shall give thee thy deserving
And blemish Caesar s triumph. Let him take thee
And hoist thee up to the shouting plebeians;
Follow his chariot, like the greatest spot
Of all thy sex. Most monster-like be shown
For poor st diminitives, for dolts, and let
Patient Octavia plough thy visage up
With her prepar d nails.
 Tis well th  art gone,
If it be well to live; but better  twere
Thou fell st into my fury, for one death
Might have prevented many. Eros, ho!
The shirt of Nessus is upon me; teach me,
Alcides, thou mine ancestor, thy rage.
Let me lodge Lichas on the horns o  th  moon
And with those hands that grasped the heaviest club
Subdue my worthiest self. The witch shall die.
To the young Roman boy she hath sold me, and I fall
Under his plot: she dies for  t. Eros, ho! 

What! would you have a man bind himself to the first girl he falls in love with, say farewell to the world for her sake, and have no eyes for anyone else? A fine thing, to be sure, to pride oneself upon the false honour of being faithful, to lose oneself in one passion for ever, and to be blind from our youth up to all the other beautiful women who can captivate our gaze! No, no; constancy is the share of fools. Every beautiful woman has a right to charm us, and the privilege of having been the first to be loved should not deprive the others of the just pretensions which the whole sex has over our hearts. As for me, beauty delights me wherever I meet with it, and I am easily overcome by the gentle violence with which it hurries us along. It matters not if I am already engaged: the love I have for a fair one cannot make me unjust towards the others; my eyes are always open to merit, and I pay the homage and tribute nature claims. Whatever may have taken place before, I cannot refuse my love to any of the lovely women I behold; and, as soon as a handsome face asks it of me, if I had ten thousand hearts I would give them all away. The first beginnings of love have, besides, indescribable charms, and the true pleasure of love consists in its variety. It is a most captivating delight to reduce by a hundred means the heart of a young beauty; to see day by day the gradual progress one makes; to combat with transport, tears, and sighs, the shrinking modesty of a heart unwilling to yield; and to force, inch by inch, all the little obstacles she opposes to our passion; to overcome the scruples upon which she prides herself, and to lead her, step by step, where we would bring her. But, once we have succeeded, there is nothing more to wish for; all the attraction of love is over, and we should fall asleep in the tameness of such a passion, unless some new object came to awake our desires and present to us the attractive perspective of a new conquest. In short, nothing can surpass the pleasure of triumphing over the resistance of a beautiful maiden; and I have in this the ambition of conquerors, who go from victory to victory, and cannot bring themselves to put limits to their longings. There is nothing that can restrain my impetuous yearnings. I have a heart big enough to be in love with the whole world; and, like Alexander, I could wish for other spheres to which I could extend my conquests. 

And what s he then that says I play the villain?
When this advice is free I give and honest,
Probal to thinking and indeed the course
To win the Moor again? For  tis most easy
The inclining Desdemona to subdue
In any honest suit: she s framed as fruitful
As the free elements. And then for her
To win the Moor were t to renounce his baptism,
All seals and symbols of redeemed sin,
His soul is so enfetter d to her love,
That she may make, unmake, do what she list,
Even as her appetite shall play the god
With his weak function. How am I then a villain
To counsel Cassio to this parallel course,
Directly to his good? Divinity of hell!
When devils will the blackest sins put on,
They do suggest at first with heavenly shows,
As I do now: for whiles this honest fool
Plies Desdemona to repair his fortunes
And she for him pleads strongly to the Moor,
I ll pour this pestilence into his ear,
That she repeals him for her body s lust;
And by how much she strives to do him good,
She shall undo her credit with the Moor.
So will I turn her virtue into pitch,
And out of her own goodness make the net
That shall enmesh them all. 
I don t have a mother either  she s in heaven with my baby sister  But that doesn t mean I can t talk to her, I talk to her all the time  I tell her everything and I know she hears me because  because that s what angels do. My mom is an angel and yours is too. With beautiful satin wings, a silk dress, and a crown of baby rosebuds, and they all live together in a castle. And do you know what it s made out of? Sunflowers. Hundreds of them, so bright they shine like the sun. And when they want to go anywhere they just whistle, like this (whistles) and a cloud swoops down to the front gate and picks them up and as they ride through the air, over the moon and through the stars  until they are hovering right above us, that s how they can look down and make sure we re all right. And sometimes they even send messages. Of course you can t hear them with all the noise you were making  but don t worry they ll always try again  just in case you missed them.
With beautiful wings of silk, a crown of baby rose buds, & they all live together in a castle. You know what it s made of, sunflowers hundreds of them, so bright they shine like gold. When the angles want to go some place they just whistle like this (whistles). A cloud floats to the castle door & picks them up & the angels fly through the sky riding the cloud like a magic carpet under the moon & through the stars, until they are hovering right above us. That s how they can look down & see if we are all right. Sometimes they even send messages to us. Of course, you can t hear the messages if you were kicking & screaming as loudly as you were. But they always try again in case if we ve missed it.
I don t know much about myself, I know im an orphan, I know I m a freak,
and of course i know that im Japanese. But why do i have such terrible nightmares, filled with hate and blood and guts? I m not like that at all, I wouldn t even hurt a fly, oh there he goes, back to his family, oh i envy him. sometimes i wonder about my parents, are they san masters? did they serve the emperor? oh sometimes i wonder what my mom and dad are really like.
Farewell! God knows when we shall meet again. I have a faint cold fear thrills through my veins that almost freezes up in the heat of life. I ll call them in to comfort me. Nurse! What should she do here? My dismal scene I needs must act alone. Come vial. What if this mixture do not work at all? Shall I be married then tommorow morning? No, no. This shall forbid it. Lie thou there. What if it be a poision which the Friar subtly hath ministered to have me dead? Lest in this marridge he should be dishonored because he married me before to Romeo. I fear it is, and yet me thinks it should not for he hath tried to be a holy man. How if, when I am laid into the tomb, I wake before the time Romeo come to redeem me? There s a fearful point!

I can t go on with this scene, I m too happy. Mr. DeMille do you mind if I say a few words? Thank you. I just want to tell you all how happy I am to be back in the studio making a picture again. You don t know how much I ve missed all of you. And I promise you I ll never desert you again because after  Salome  we ll make another picture and another picture. You see, this is my life. It always will be. There s nothing else. Just us, the cameras, and those wonderful people out there in the dark!  All right, Mr. DeMille, I m ready for my close-up.


Your friend Mr. Lincoln had his Taylors and Paines. So did every other man whoever tried to lift his thought up off the ground. Odds against them didn t stop those men. They were fools that way. All the good that ever came into this world came from fools with faith like that. You know that Jeff. You can t quit now. Not you. They aren t all Taylors and Paines in Washington. Their kind just throw big shadows, that s all. You didn t just have faith in Paine or any other living man. You had faith in something bigger than that. You had plain, decent, every day, common rightness. And this country could use some of that. Yeah , so could the whole cock-eyed world. Alot of it. Remember the first day you got here? Remember what you said about Mr. Lincoln? You said he was sitting up there waiting for someone to come along. You were right. He was waiting for a man who could see his job and sail into it. That s what he was waiting for. A man who could tear into the Taylors and root them out into the open. I think he was waiting for you Jeff. He knows you can do it. So do I.
 

Of course he has a knife. He always has a knife. We all have knives. It s 1183 and we re barbarians. How clear we make it. Oh, my piglets, we are the origins of war. Not history s forces nor the times nor justice nor the lack of it nor causes nor religions nor ideas nor kinds of government nor any other thing. We are the killers. We breed wars. We carry it, like syphilis, inside. Dead bodies rot in field and stream because the living ones are rotten. For the love of God, can t we love one another just a little? That s how peace begins. We have so much to love each other for. We have such possibilities, my children. We could change the world.
 

Dearest Scottie, and so you found me. This is the moment that I dreaded and hoped for, wondering what I would say and do if I ever saw you again. I wanted so to see you again just once. Now I ll go, and you can give up your search. I want you to have peace of mind. You ve nothing to blame yourself for. You were the victim. I was the tool and you the victim of Gavin Elster s plan to murder his wife. He chose me to play the part because I looked like her. He dressed me up like her. He was quite safe because she lived in the country and rarely came to town. He chose you to be the witness to a suicide. The Carlotta story was part real, part invented to make you testify that Madeleine wanted to kill herself. He knew of your illness. He knew you d never get the stairs to the tower. He planned it so well. He made no mistakes. I made the mistake. I fell in love. That wasn t part of the plan. I m still in love with you, and I want you so to love me. If I had the nerve, I d stay and lie, hoping that I could make you love me again as I am, for myself, and so forget the other and forget the past. But I don t know whether I have the nerve to try.


I don t think I belong in Heaven, Ellen. I dreamt once I was there. I dreamt I m in Heaven and that Heaven didn t seem to be my home. And I broke my heart with weeping to come back to Earth and the angels were so angry they flung me out in the middle of the heath on top of Wuthering Heights. And I woke up sobbing with joy. That s it Ellen. I have no more business marrying Edgar Linton that I have of being in Heaven. But Ellen, Ellen, what can I do?   Who else? He sunk so low. He seems to take pleasure in being mean and brutal. And yet, he s more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same. And Linton s is as different as frost from fire. I once thought of living as Heathcliff. Ellen, I AM Heathcliff. 


Men and lions, eagles and partridges, antlered deer, geese, spiders, the silent fishes dwelling in the water, star-fish and tiny creatures invisible to the eye these and every form of life, ay, every form of life, have ended their melancholy round and become extinct. . . . Thousands of centuries have passed since this earth bore any living being on its bosom. All in vain does yon pale moon light her lamp. No longer do the cranes wake and cry in the meadows; the hum of the cockchafers is silent in the linden groves. All is cold, cold, cold. Empty, empty, empty. Terrible, terrible, terrible. [A pause] The bodies of living beings have vanished into dust; the Eternal Matter has converted them into stones, into water, into clouds; and all their spirits are merged in one. I am that spirit, the universal spirit of the world. In me is the spirit of Alexander the Great, of Caesar, of Shakespeare, of Napoleon, and the meanest of the leeches. In me the consciousness of men is merged with the instinct of animals; I remember everything, everything, everything, and in myself relive each individual life. I am alone. Once in a hundred years I open my lips to speak, and my voice echoes sadly in this emptiness and no one hears. . . . You too, pale fires, you hear me not. . . . The corruption of the marsh engenders you towards morning, and you wander till the dawn, but without thought, without will, without throb of life. Fearing lest life should arise in you, the father of Eternal Matter, the Devil, effects in you, as in stones and water, a perpetual mutation of atoms; you change unceasingly. In all the universe spirit alone remains constant and unchanging. [A pause] Like a captive flung into a deep empty well, I know not where I am nor what awaits me. One thing only is revealed to me, that in the cruel and stubborn struggle with the Devil, the principle of material forces, it is fated that I shall be victorious; and thereafter, spirit and matter are to merge together in exquisite harmony and the reign of Universal Will is to begin. But that cannot be till, little by little, after a long, long series of centuries, the moon, the shining dog-star and the earth are turned to dust. . . . Till then there shall be horror and desolation. . . . Behold, my mighty antagonist, the Devil, approaches. I see his awful, blood-red eyes . 

What can we do? We must live out our lives. Yes, we shall live, Uncle Vanya. We shall live all through the endless procession of days ahead of us, and through the long evenings. We shall bear patiently the burdens that fate imposes on us. We shall work without rest for others, both now and when we are old. And when our final hour comes, we shall meet it humbly, and there beyond the grave, we shall say that we have known suffering and tears, that our life was bitter. And God will pity us. Ah, then, dear, dear Uncle, we shall enter on a bright and beautiful life. We shall rejoice and look back upon our grief here. A tender smile   and   we shall rest. I have faith, Uncle, fervent, passionate faith. We shall rest. We shall rest. We shall hear the angels. We shall see heaven shining like a jewel. We shall see evil and all our pain disappear in the great pity that shall enfold the world. Our life will be as peaceful and gentle and sweet as a caress. I have faith; I have faith. My poor, poor Uncle Vanya, you are crying. You have never known what it is to be happy, but wait, Uncle Vanya, wait! We shall rest. We shall rest. We shall rest.


Ah, what indeed, dear? That is the point. He goes to see her continually and stops for hours at a time. And while he is there, she is not at home to anyone. Not that many ladies call on her, dear, but she has a great many disreputable men friends, my own brother particularly, as I told you, and that is what makes it so dreadful about Windermere. We looked upon him as being such a model husband, but I am afraid there is no doubt about it. My dear nieces, you know the Saville girls, don t you?, such nice domestic creatures, plain, dreadfully plain, but so good, well, they re always at the window doing fancy work, and making ugly things for the poor, which I think so useful of them in these dreadful socialistic days, and this terrible woman has taken a house in Curzon Street, right opposite them, such a respectable street, too! I don t know what we re coming to! And they tell me that Windermere goes there four and five times a week they see him. They can t help it and although they never talk scandal, they well, of course they remark on it to everyone. And the worst of it all is that I have been told that this woman has got a great deal of money out of somebody, for it seems that she came to London six months ago without anything at all to speak of, and now she has this charming house in Mayfair, drives her ponies in the Park every afternoon and all well, all since she has known poor dear Windermere. It s quite true, my dear. The whole of London knows about it. That is why I felt it was better to come and talk to you, and advise you to take Windermere away at once to Homburg or to Aix, where he ll have something to amuse him, and where you can watch him all day long. I assure you, my dear, that on several occasions after I was first married, I had to pretend to be very ill, and was obliged to drink the most unpleasant mineral waters, merely to get Berwick out of town. He was so extremely susceptible. Though I am bound to say he never gave away any large sums of money to anybody. He is far too high-principled for that.


Ye mustn t mind him. He s an old man. I don t want t  pretend playin  Maw t  ye, Eben. Ye re too big an  too strong fur that. I want t  be frens with ye. Mebbe with me fur a fren ye d find ye d like livin  here better. I kin make it easy fur ye with him, mebbe. I calc late I kin git him t  do most anythin  fur me.   If cussin  me does ye good, cuss all ye ve a mind t . I m all prepared t  have ye agin me at fust. I don t blame ye nuther. I d feel the same at any stranger comin  t  take my Maw s place. Yew must ve cared a lot fur yewr Maw, didn t ye? My Maw died afore I d growed. I don t remember her none. But yew won t hate me long, Eben. I m not the wust in the world an  yew an  me ve got a lot in common. I kin tell that by lookin  at ye. Waal I ve had a hard life, too oceans o  trouble an  nuthin  but wuk fur reward. I was a orphan early an  had t  wuk fur others in other folks  hums. Then I married an  he turned out a drunken spreer an  so he had to wuk fur others an  me too agen in other folks  hums, an  the baby died, an  my husband got sick an  died too, an  I was glad sayin  now I m free fur once, on y I diskivered right away all I was free fur was t  wuk agen in other folks  hums, doin  other folks  wuk till I d most give up hope o  ever doin  my own wuk in my own hum, an  then your Paw come. . . .

You must make allowances for me, Curt. And forgive me. I AM getting old. No, it s the truth. I ve reached the turning point. Will you listen to my side of it, and try to see it with sympathy with true understanding forgetting your work for the moment? I have to confess frankly during the past two years I ve felt myself  feeling as if I wasn t   complete. I tried my best to conceal it from you. It would have been so unfair to let you guess while we were still in harness. But oh, how I kept looking forward to the time when we would come back and rest in our own home! You know you said that was your plan to stay here and write your books and I was hoping  But you ve got to go. I won t try to stop you. I ll help all in my power as I ve always done. Only I can t go with you any more. And you must help me to do my work by understanding it. Oh, Curt, I wish I could tell you what I feel, make you feel with me the longing for a child. If you had just the tiniest bit of feminine in you ! But you re so utterly masculine, dear! That s what has made me love you, I suppose so I ve no right to complain of it.  I don t. I wouldn t have you changed one bit! I love you! And I love the things you love your work because it s a part of you. And that s what I want you to do to reciprocate to love the creator in me to desire that I, too, should complete myself with the thing nearest my heart! After all, your work is yours, not mine. I have been only a helper, a good comrade, too, I hope, but  somehow outside of it all. Do you remember two years ago when we were camped in Yunnan, among the aboriginal tribes? It was one night there when we were lying out in our sleeping-bags up in the mountains along the Tibetan frontier. I couldn t sleep. Suddenly I felt oh, so tired utterly alone out of harmony with you with the earth under me. I became horribly despondent like an outcast who suddenly realizes the whole world is alien. And all the wandering about the world, and all the romance and excitement I d enjoyed in it, appeared an aimless, futile business, chasing around in a circle in an effort to avoid touching reality. Forgive me, Curt. I meant myself, not you, of course. Oh, it was horrible, I tell you, to feel that way. I tried to laugh at myself, to fight it off, but it stayed and grew worse. It seemed as if I were the only creature alive who was not alive. And all at once the picture came of a tribeswoman who stood looking at us in a little mountain village as we rode by. She was nursing her child. Her eyes were so curiously sure of herself. She was horribly ugly, poor woman, and yet as the picture came back to me I appeared to myself the ugly one while she was beautiful. And I thought of our children who had died and such a longing for another child came to me that I began sobbing. You were asleep. You didn t hear. And when we came back here to have a home at last, I was so happy because I saw my chance of fulfillment before it was too late. Now can you understand, dear? Can you?


Thou wilt unloose my chain,
And in thy lap wilt take me once again.
How comes it that thou dost not shrink from me? 
Say, dost thou know, my friend, whom thou mak st free?
My mother have I put to death;
I ve drowned the baby born to thee.
Was it not given to thee and me?
Thee, too!  Tis thou! It scarcely true doth seem 
Give me thy hand!  Tis not a dream!
Thy dear, dear hand! But, ah,  tis wet!
Why, wipe it off! Methinks that yet
There s blood thereon.
Ah, God! what hast thou done?
Nay, sheathe thy sword!
Thou must outlive us. 

Ye captive women, ye who tend this home,
Since ye are present to escort with me
These lustral rites, your counsel now I crave.
How, while I pour these off rings on the tomb,
Speak friendly words? and how invoke my Sire?
Shall I declare that from a loving wife
To her dear lord I bear them? from my mother?
My courage fails, now know I what to speak,
Pouring libations on my father s tomb.
Or shall I pray, as holy wont enjoins,
That to the senders of these chaplets, he
Requital may accord, ay! meed of ill.
Or, with no mark of honour, silently,
For so my father perished, shall I pour
These offerings, potion to be drunk by earth,
Then, tossing o er my head the lustral urn,
(As one who loath d refuse forth has cast,)
With eyes averted, back retrace my steps?
Be ye partakers in my counsel, friends,
For in this house one common hate we share.
Through fear hide not the feelings of your heart;
For what is destined waits alike the free
And him o ermastered by another s hand; 
If ye have aught more wise to urge, say on. 

How should I your true love know
From another one?
By his cockle bat and  staff
And his sandal shoon.
Say you? Nay, pray You mark.
He is dead and gone, lady,
He is dead and gone;
At his head a grass-green turf,
At his heels a stone.
O, ho!
Pray you mark.
White his shroud as the mountain snow-
Larded all with sweet flowers;
Which bewept to the grave did not go
With true-love showers.
Well, God dild you! They say the owl was a baker s daughter.
Lord, we know what we are, but know not what we may be.
God be at your table!
Pray let s have no words of this;
but when they ask, you what it means, say you this:
To-morrow is Saint Valentine s day,
All in the morning bedtime,
And I a maid at your window,
To be your Valentine.
Then up he rose and donn d his clo es
And dupp d the chamber door,
Let in the maid, that out a maid
Never departed more.
Indeed, la, without an oath, I ll make an end on t!
By Gis and by Saint Charity,
Alack, and fie for shame!
Young men will do t if they come to t
By Cock, they are to blame.
Quoth she,  Before you tumbled me,
You promis d me to wed. 
He answers:
 So would I  a  done, by yonder sun,
An thou hadst not come to my bed. 
I hope all will be well. We must be patient;
but I cannot choose but weep to think they would lay him i  th  cold ground.
My brother shall know of it; and so I thank you for your good counsel.
Come, my coach! Good night, ladies. Good night, sweet ladies.
Good night, good night. 

Weeps she still, sayst thou? Dost thou think in time
She will not quench, and let instructions enter
Where folly now possesses? Do thou work:
When thou shalt bring me word she loves my son,
I ll tell thee on the instant thou art then
As great as is thy master; greater, for
His fortunes all lie speechless, and his name
Is at last gasp; return he cannot, nor
Continue where he is; to shift his being
Is to exchange one misery with another,
And every day that comes comes to decay
A day s work in him. What shalt thou expect,
To be depender on a thing that leans,
Who cannot be new built, nor has no friends,
So much as but to prop him?
Thou tak st up Thou know st not what; but take it for thy labour:
It is a thing I made, which hath the king
Five times redeem d from death; I do not know
What is more cordial: nay, I prithee, take it;
It is an earnest of a further good
That I mean to thee. Tell thy mistress how
The case stands with her; do  t as from thyself.
Think what a chance thou changest on, but think
Thou hast thy mistress still, to boot, my son,
Who shall take notice of thee. I ll move the king
To any shape of thy preferment such
As thou lt desire; and then myself, I chiefly,
That set thee on to this desert, am bound
To load thy merit richly. Call my women;
Think on my words.
A sly and constant knave,
Not to be shak d; the agent for his master,
And the remembrancer of her to hold
The hand-fast to her lord. I have given him that
Which, if he take, shall quite unpeople her
Of leigers for her sweet, and which she after,
Except she bend her humour, shall be assur d
To taste of too 
So, so; well done, well done.
The violets, cowslips, and the prime-roses
Bear to my closet. Fare thee well, Pisanio:
Think on my words.


His company must do his minions grace,
Whilst I at home starve for a merry look.
Hath homely age the alluring beauty took
From my poor cheek? then, he hath wasted it:
Are my discourses dull? barren my wit?
If voluble and sharp discourse be marr d,
Unkindness blunts it more than marble hard:
Do their gay vestments his affections bait?
That s not my fault; he s master of my state:
What ruins are in me that can be found
By him not ruin d? then is he the ground
Of my defeatures. My decayed fair
A sunny look of his would soon repair;
But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale
And feeds from home: poor I am but his stale.
Unfeeling fools can with such wrongs dispense.
I know his eye doth homage otherwhere,
Or else what lets it but he would be here?
Sister, you know he promis d me a chain:
Would that alone, alone he would detain,
So he would keep fair quarter with his bed!
I see, the jewel best enamelled
Will lose his beauty; and though gold bides still
That others touch, yet often touching will
Wear gold; and no man that hath a name,
By falsehood and corruption doth it shame.
Since that my beauty cannot please his eye,
I ll weep what s left away, and weeping die.


These are the forgeries of jealousy:
And never, since the middle summer s spring,
Met we on hill, in dale, forest or mead,
By paved fountain or by rushy brook,
Or in the beached margent of the sea,
To dance our ringlets to the whistling wind,
But with thy brawls thou hast disturb d our sport.
Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain,
As in revenge, have suck d up from the sea
Contagious fogs; which falling in the land
Have every pelting river made so proud
That they have overborne their continents:
The ox hath therefore stretch d his yoke in vain,
The ploughman lost his sweat, and the green corn
Hath rotted ere his youth attain d a beard;
The fold stands empty in the drowned field,
And crows are fatted with the murrion flock;
The nine men s morris is fill d up with mud,
And the quaint mazes in the wanton green
For lack of tread are undistinguishable:
The human mortals want their winter here;
No night is now with hymn or carol blest:
Therefore the moon, the governess of floods,
Pale in her anger, washes all the air,
That rheumatic diseases do abound:
And thorough this distemperature we see
The seasons alter: hoary-headed frosts
Far in the fresh lap of the crimson rose,
And on old Hiems  thin and icy crown
An odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds
Is, as in mockery, set: the spring, the summer,
The childing autumn, angry winter, change
Their wonted liveries, and the mazed world,
By their increase, now knows not which is which:
And this same progeny of evils comes
From our debate, from our dissension;
We are their parents and original.


O, what a deal of scorn looks beautiful
In the contempt and anger of his lip!
A murderous guilt shows not itself more soon
Than love that would seem hid: love s night is noon.
Cesario, by the roses of the spring,
By maidhood, honour, truth and every thing,
I love thee so, that, maugre all thy pride,
Nor wit nor reason can my passion hide.
Do not extort thy reasons from this clause,
For that I woo, thou therefore hast no cause,
But rather reason thus with reason fetter,
Love sought is good, but given unsought better.


Unhappy that I am, I cannot heave
My heart into my mouth. I love your Majesty
According to my bond; no more nor less. 
 
Good my lord,
You have begot me, bred me, lov d me; I
Return those duties back as are right fit,
Obey you, love you, and most honour you.
Why have my sisters husbands, if they say
They love you all? Haply, when I shall wed,
That lord whose hand must take my plight shall carry
Half my love with him, half my care and duty.
Sure I shall never marry like my sisters,
To love my father all.


But I do think it is their husbands  faults
If wives do fall: say that they slack their duties,
And pour our treasures into foreign laps,
Or else break out in peevish jealousies,
Throwing restraint upon us; or say they strike us,
Or scant our former having in despite;
Why, we have galls, and though we have some grace,
Yet have we some revenge. Let husbands know
Their wives have sense like them: they see and smell
And have their palates both for sweet and sour,
As husbands have. What is it that they do
When they change us for others? Is it sport?
I think it is: and doth affection breed it?
I think it doth: is t frailty that thus errs?
It is so too: and have not we affections,
Desires for sport, and frailty, as men have?
Then let them use us well: else let them know,
The ills we do, their ills instruct us so.


Where think st thou he is now? Stands he, or sits he?
Or does he walk? or is he on his horse?
O happy horse, to bear the weight of Antony!
Do bravely, horse! for wot st thou whom thou movest?
The demi-Atlas of this earth, the arm
And burgonet of men. He s speaking now,
Or murmuring  Where s my serpent of old Nile? 
For so he calls me: now I feed myself
With most delicious poison. Think on me,
That am with Phoebus  amorous pinches black,
And wrinkled deep in time? Broad-fronted Caesar,
When thou wast here above the ground, I was
A morsel for a monarch: and great Pompey
Would stand and make his eyes grow in my brow;
There would he anchor his aspect and die
With looking on his life.

The more my wrong, the more his spite appears.
What, did he marry me to famish me?
Beggars that come unto my father s door
Upon entreaty have a present alms;
If not, elsewhere they meet with charity;
But I, who never knew how to entreat,
Nor never needed that I should entreat,
Am starv d for meat, giddy for lack of sleep;
With oaths kept waking, and with brawling fed;
And that which spites me more than all these wants-
He does it under name of perfect love;
As who should say, if I should sleep or eat,
 Twere deadly sickness or else present death.
I prithee go and get me some repast;
I care not what, so it be wholesome food.

I will never stand before God s altar and ask God s blessing on so hideous a mockery as a marriage between me and George Harford. I will not say the words the Church bids us to say. I will not say them. How could I swear to love the man I loathe, to honour him who wrought you dishonor, to obey him who, in his mastery, made me to sin? No; marriage is a sacrament for those who love each other. It is not for such as him, or such as me. Gerald, to save you from the world s sneers and taunts I have lied to the world. For twenty years I have lied to the world. I could not tell the truth. No, Gerald, no ceremony, Church-hallowed or State-made, shall ever bind me to George Harford. Men don t understand what mothers are. I am no different from other women except in the wrong done me and the wrong I did, and my very heavy punishments and great disgrace. And yet, to bear you I had to look on death. To nurture you I had to wrestle with it. Death fought with me for you. All women have to fight with death to keep their children. Death, being childless, wants our children from us. Gerald, when you were naked I clothed you, when you were hungry I gave you food. Night and day all that long winter I tended you. No office is too mean, no care too lowly for the thing we women love and oh! how I loved you! And you needed love, for you were weakly, and only love could have kept you alive. Only love can keep any one alive. And boys are careless often, and without thinking give pain, and we always fancy that when they come to man s estate and know us better they will repay us. But it is not so. The world draws them from our side, and they make friends with whom they are happier than they are with us, and have amusements from which we are barred, and interests that are not ours; and they are unjust to us often, for when they find life bitter they blame us for it, and when they find it sweet we do not taste its sweetness with them. . . . You made many friends and went into their houses and were glad with them, and I, knowing my secret, did not dare to follow, but stayed at home and closed the door, shut out the sun and sat in darkness. My past was ever with me. And you thought I didn t care for the pleasant things of life. I tell you I longed for them, but did not dare to touch them, feeling I had no right. You thought I was happier working amongst the poor. That was my mission, you imagined. It was not, but where else was I to go? The sick do not ask if the hand that smooths their pillow is pure, nor the dying care if the lips that touch their brow have known the kiss of sin. It was you I thought of all the time; I gave to them the love you did not need; lavished on them a love that was not theirs. And you thought I spent too much of my time in going to Church, and in Church duties. But where else could I turn? God s house is the only house where sinners are made welcome, and you were always in my heart, Gerald, too much in my heart. For though day after day, at morn or evensong, I have knelt in God s house, I never repented of my sin. How could I repent of my sin when you, my love, were its fruit. Even now that you are bitter to me I cannot repent. I do not. You are more to me than innocence. I would rather be your mother, oh! much rather than have been always pure. .Oh, don t you see? don t you understand! It is my dishonour that has made you so dear to me. It is my disgrace that has bound you so closely to me. It is the price I paid for you the price of soul and body that makes me love you as I do. Oh, don t ask me to do this horrible thing. Child of my shame, be still!

Why doesn t Leon d come? Oh, if only I knew whether the property s sold or not! It seems such an impossible disaster, that I don t know what to think. . . . I m bewildered . . . I shall burst out screaming, I shall do something idiotic. Save me, Peter; say something to me, say something. You can see what s truth and untruth, but I seem to have lost the power of vision; I see nothing. You settle every important question so boldly; but tell me, Peter, isn t that because you re young, because you have never solved any question of your own as yet by suffering? You look boldly ahead; isn t it only that you don t see or divine anything terrible in the future; because life is still hidden from your young eyes? You are bolder, honester, deeper than we are, but reflect, show me just a finger s breadth of consideration, take pity on me. Don t you see? I was born here, my father and mother lived here, and my grandfather; I loved this house; without the cherry orchard my life has no meaning for me, and if it must be sold, then for heaven s sake sell me too! My little boy was drowned here. Be gentle with me, dear, kind Peter. I am so wretched today, you can t imagine! All this noise jars on me, my heart jumps at every sound. I tremble all over; but I can t shut myself up; I am afraid of the silence when I m alone. Don t be hard on me, Peter; I love you like a son. I would gladly let Anya marry you, I swear it; but you must work, Peter; you must get your degree. You do nothing; Fate tosses you about from place to place; and that s not right. It s true what I say, isn t it? And you must do something to your beard to make it grow better. I can t help laughing at you. It s a telegram from Paris. I get them every day. One came yesterday, another today. That savage is ill again; he s in a bad way. . . . He asks me to forgive him, he begs me to come; and I really ought to go to Paris and be with him. You look at me sternly; but what am I to do, Peter? What am I to do? He s ill, he s lonely, he s unhappy. Who is to look after him? Who is to keep him from doing stupid things? Who is to give him his medicine when it s time? After all, why should I be ashamed to say it? I love him, that s plain. I love him, I love him. . . . My love is like a stone tied round my neck; it s dragging me down to the bottom; but I love my stone. I can t live without it. Don t think ill of me, Peter; don t say anything! Don t say anything!

O my sons!
My sons! ye have a city and a house
Where, leaving hapless me behind, without
A mother ye for ever shall reside.
But I to other realms an exile go,
Ere any help from you I could derive,
Or see you blest; the hymeneal pomp,
The bride, the genial couch, for you adorn,
And in these hands the kindled torch sustain.
How wretched am I through my own perverseness!
You, O my sons, I then in vain have nurtured,
In vain have toiled, and, wasted with fatigue,
Suffered the pregnant matron s grievous throes.
On you, in my afflictions, many hopes
I founded erst: that ye with pious care
Would foster my old age, and on the bier
Extend me after death much envied lot
Of mortals; but these pleasing anxious thoughts
Are vanished now; for, losing you, a life
Of bitterness and anguish shall I lead.
But as for you, my sons, with those dear eyes
Fated no more your mother to behold,
Hence are ye hastening to a world unknown.
Why do ye gaze on me with such a look
Of tenderness, or wherefore smile? for these
Are your last smiles. Ah wretched, wretched me!
What shall I do? My resolution fails.
Sparkling with joy now I their looks have seen,
My friends, I can no more. To those past schemes
I bid adieu, and with me from this land
My children will convey. Why should I cause
A twofold portion of distress to fall
On my own head, that I may grieve the sire
By punishing his sons? This shall not be:
Such counsels I dismiss. But in my purpose
What means this change? Can I prefer derision,
And with impunity permit the foe
To  scape? My utmost courage I must rouse:
For the suggestion of these tender thoughts
Proceeds from an enervate heart. My sons,
Enter the regal mansion.
As for those
Who deem that to be present were unholy
While I the destined victims offer up,
Let them see to it. This uplifted arm
Shall never shrink. Alas! alas! my soul
Commit not such a deed. Unhappy woman,
Desist and spare thy children; we will live
Together, they in foreign realms shall cheer
Thy exile. No, by those avenging fiends
Who dwell with Pluto in the realms beneath,
This shall not be, nor will I ever leave
My sons to be insulted by their foes.
They certainly must die; since then they must,
I bore and I will slay them:  tis a deed
Resolved on, nor my purpose will I change.
Full well I know that now the royal bride
Wears on her head the magic diadem,
And in the variegated robe expires:
But, hurried on by fate, I tread a path
Of utter wretchedness, and them will plunge
Into one yet more wretched. To my sons
Fain would I say:  O stretch forth your right hands
Ye children, for your mother to embrace.
O dearest hands, ye lips to me most dear,
Engaging features and ingenuous looks,
May ye be blest, but in another world;
For by the treacherous conduct of your sire
Are ye bereft of all this earth bestowed.
Farewell, sweet kisses tender limbs, farewell!
And fragrant breath! I never more can bear
To look on you, my children.  My afflictions
Have conquered me; I now am well aware
What crimes I venture on: but rage, the cause
Of woes most grievous to the human race,
Over my better reason hath prevailed.
 

Ah! cruel Prince, too well
You understood me. I have said enough
To save you from mistake. I love. But think not
That at the moment when I love you most
I do not feel my guilt; no weak compliance
Has fed the poison that infects my brain.
The ill-starr d object of celestial vengeance,
I am not so detestable to you
As to myself. The gods will bear me witness,
Who have within my veins kindled this fire,
The gods, who take a barbarous delight
In leading a poor mortal s heart astray.
Do you yourself recall to mind the past:
 Twas not enough for me to fly, I chased you
Out of the country, wishing to appear
Inhuman, odious; to resist you better,
I sought to make you hate me. All in vain!
Hating me more I loved you none the less:
New charms were lent to you by your misfortunes.
I have been drown d in tears, and scorch d by fire;
Your own eyes might convince you of the truth,
If for one moment you could look at me.
What is  t I say? Think you this vile confession
That I have made is what I meant to utter?
Not daring to betray a son for whom
I trembled,  twas to beg you not to hate him
I came. Weak purpose of a heart too full
Of love for you to speak of aught besides!
Take your revenge, punish my odious passion;
Prove yourself worthy of your valiant sire,
And rid the world of an offensive monster!
Does Theseus  widow dare to love his son?
The frightful monster! Let her not escape you!
Here is my heart. This is the place to strike.
Already prompt to expiate its guilt,
I feel it leap impatiently to meet
Your arm. Strike home. Or, if it would disgrace you
To steep your hand in such polluted blood,
If that were punishment too mild to slake
Your hatred, lend me then your sword, if not
Your arm.
 
Give me a break  Don t  huh  me! You waltz in here 25 minutes late and expect sympathy? Huh!
I have CLEANED the house, and washed all of YOUR clothes, and ran a daycare center for socially deviant munchkins, and missed Oprah! Ran this one to a ballet lesson, this one to the dentist no cavities thank you very much! Do you realize that I have slaved over a hot stove so you could have a hot meal when you come home HAH HMM HMM HMM! Sorry! HAH! Sorry! Sorry does not change the fact that my chicken tetrezini is ruined! RUINED! It s all dried out! But do you have the common courtesy to call me and tell me that you will be 25 minutes late? NO! Well, I am not an animal  Oh my God, what s happening to me?
I, CLAUDIA by Kristen Thomson                                                                                                  FEMALE   COMEDY
That s fine. Because I know that this isn t the end. It isn t, because you wont let that happen. Don t you know it yet? You love me, Chandler Bing. No? Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year s? Who invited who? Valentine s? Who asked who into whose bed? You seek me out. Something deep in your soul calls out to me like a foghorn. JANICE, JANICE. You want me. You need me. You can t live without me. And you know it. You just don t know you know it. See ya!
Yeah, oh shit. Took a hard hard violent fall, kinda pin-balled down hit a lot of railings, broke a lot of shit. I m not gonna say I survived. I m gonna say I thrived. I met a dolphin down there and I swear to God that dolphin, looked not at me, but into my soul, looked into my Goddamn soul.
Dear Lord, thank you for this Thanksgiving holiday. And for all the material possessions we have and enjoy. And for letting us white people kill all the Indians and steal their tribal lands. And stuff ourselves like pigs, even though children in Asia are being napalmed.
It does more than turn me on, Mr. Vader. It makes me come. And more than the sight of it, I love the taste of it. The taste of hot, freshly killed blood. Kill everyone now! Condone first degree murder! Advocate cannibalism! Eat shit! Filth are my politics! Filth is my life! Take whatever you like.
The worst thing that ever happened to me was on Christmas. Oh, God. It was so horrible. It was Christmas Eve. I was 9 years old. Me and Mom were decorating the tree, waiting for Dad to come home from work. A couple of hours went by. Dad wasn t home. So Mom called the office. No answer. Christmas Day came and went and still nothing. So the police began a search. Four or five days went by. Neither one of us could eat or sleep. Everything was falling apart. It was snowing outside. The house was freezing, so I went to try to light up the fire. And that s when I noticed the smell. The firemen came and broke through the chimney top. And me and Mom were expecting them to pull out a dead cat or a bird. And instead they pulled out my father. He was dressed in a Santa Claus suit. He d been climbing down the chimney on Christmas Eve, his arms loaded with presents. He was gonna surprise us. He slipped and broke his neck. He died instantly. And that s how I found out there was no Santa Claus.
When I lived in Porpoise Spit, I used to sit in my room for hours and listen to ABBA songs. But since I ve met you and moved to Sydney, I haven t listened to one Abba song. That s because my life is as good as an Abba song. It s as good as Dancing Queen.
I don t mean the weak kind the way so many men are. I mean the kindness that comes from enormous strength, from an inner power so strong that every act, no matter what, is more proof of that power. That s what all women resent. That s why they try to cut ya down, because your knowledge of yourself and them is so right, so true, that it exposes the lies by which they, every scheming one of them, live by. It takes a true woman to understand that the purest form of love is to love a man who denies himself to her, a man who inspires worship, because he has no need for any woman, because he has himself. And who is better, more beautiful, more powerful, more perfect. You re getting hard, more strong, more masculine, extraordinary, more  bust. It s rising, it s rising  more virile, domineering, more irresistible. It s up   in the air.
So that was Mrs. Lundegaard on the floor in there. And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper. And those three people in Brainerd. And for what? For a little bit of money. There s more to life than a little money, you know. Don t you know that? And here ya are, and it s a beautiful day. Well, I just don t understand it.
This is a story about a man named Harold Crick, and his wristwatch. Harold Crick was a man of infinite numbers, endless calculations, and remarkably few words, and his wristwatch said even less. Every weekday for twelve years, Harold would brush each of his 32 teeth, 76 times. 38 times back and forth, 38 times up and down. Every weekday for 12 years, Harold would tie his tie in a single Windsor knot, instead of the double, thereby saving up to 43 seconds. His wristwatch thought the single Windsor made his neck look fat, but said nothing. Every weekday for 12 years, Harold would run at a rate of nearly 57 steps per block for 6 blocks, barely catching the 8:17 Kronecker bus. His wristwatch would delight in feeling the crisp wind rushing over its face. And every weekday for 12 years, Harold would review 7.134 tax files as a senior auditor for the Internal Revenue Service  only taking a 45.7 minute lunch break, and a 4.3 minute coffee break, timed precisely by his wristwatch. Beyond that, Harold lived a life of soltitude. Harold would walk home alone. He would eat alone. And at precisely 11:13 every night, Harold would go to bed alone, placing his wristwatch to rest on the night stand beside him. That was, of course, before Wednesday. On Wednesday, Harold s wristwatch changed everything.
Well, that explains it. That s why these people treat me like some dime store floozy They think I m screwin  the boss And you just love it, don t you? It gives you some sort of cheap thrill like knockin  over pencils and pickin  up papers Get your scummy hands off of me. Look, I ve been straight with you from the first day I got here. And I put up with all your pinchin  and starin  and chasin  me around the desk  cause I need this job, but this is the last straw Look, I got a gun out there in my purse, and up until now, I ve been forgivin  and forgettin  because of the way I was brought up. But I ll tell you one thing: if you ever say another word about me or make another indecent proposal, I m gonna get that gun of mine and I m gonna change you from a rooster to a hen with one shot! Don t think I can t do it.
I m not gonna storm out of here, Catch. And I m not gonna admit that you got Barbara Novak to fall in love, because I m not Barbara Novak. There is no Barbara Novak .And I didn t fall in love with Zip Martin. I fell in love with Catcher Block. And that was a year ago, when for three and a half weeks, I worked as your secretary. I don t expect you to remember me. I wasn t a blonde then. But you did ask me out. And it broke my heart to say no, but I loved you too much. I couldn t bear to become just another notch in your bedpost. With your dating habits, I knew that even if I was lucky enough to get a regular spot on your rotating schedule, I would never have your undivided attention long enough for you to fall in love with me. I knew I had to do something to set myself apart. I knew I had to quit my job as your secretary and write an international best-seller, controversial enough to get the attention of a New York publisher as well as Know magazine. But insignificant enough that as long as I went unseen, Know magazine s star journalist would refuse to do a cover story about it. I knew that every time we were supposed to meet, you would get distracted by one of your many girlfriends and stand me up, and this would give me a reason to fight with you over the phone and declare that I wouldn t meet with you for a hundred years. And then all I would have to do was be patient and wait the two or three weeks it would take for everyone in the world to buy a copy of my best-seller   and then I would begin to get the publicity I would need for you, to, one, see what I look like, and, two, see me denounce you in public as the worst kind of man. I knew that this would make you wanna get even by writing one of your expos s. And in order to do that, you would have to go undercover, assume a false identity and pretend to be the kind of man who would make the kind of girl I was pretending to be fall in love. 
Hello, Miles. It s Maya. Thanks for your letter. I would have called sooner, but I think I needed some time to think about everything that happened and  what you wrote to me. Another reason, um, I didn t call you sooner is because I wanted to finish your book, which I finally did last night. And I think it s really lovely, Miles. You re so good with words. Who cares if it s not getting published? There are so many beautiful and  painful things about it. Did you really go through all that? Must have been awful. And the sister character   jeez, what a wreck. But I have to say that, well, I was really confused by the ending. I mean, did the father finally commit suicide, or what? It s driving me crazy. Anyway, it s turned cold and rainy here lately, but I like winter. So, listen, if you ever do decide to come up here again, you should let me know. I would say stop by the restaurant, but to tell you the truth, I m not sure how much longer I m gonna be working there, because I m going to graduate soon. So, I ll probably want to relocate. I mean, we ll see. Anyway, like I said, I really loved your novel. Don t give up, Miles. Keep writing. I hope you re well. Bye.
I bet you were wondering what I m doing here in the middle of the night. Well, I thought I should introduce myself. My name is Lucy. Lucy Elenore Moderatz. I think you should know that your family thinks we re engaged. I ve never been engaged before. This is very sudden for me. What I really came here to tell was that I didn t mean for this to happen. I don t know what to do. If you were awake, I wouldn t be in this mess. Oh God, not that I m blaming you. I m sorry. It s just that when I was a kid, I always imagined what I would be like or what I would have when I got older. And you know, it was normal stuff. I d have a house and a family and things like that. It s not that I m complaining or anything, because I do have a cat. I have an apartment. I have a sole possession of a remote control. That s very important. It s just that I ve never met anybody that I could laugh with. Do you believe in love at first site? I bet you don t. You re probably too sensible for that. Or have you ever seen somebody and you know, that if that person really knew you, they d dump the perfect model that they were with and realize that you were the one that they wanted to grow old with? Have you ever fallen in love with somebody that you haven t even talked to? Have you ever been so alone that you spend the night confusing a man in a coma?
Well, you know, I have to admit that I appreciate your directness, Darryl, and I will try to be as direct and honest with you as I possibly can be. I think-no, I am positive-that you are the most unattractive man I have ever met in my entire life. You know, in the short time we ve been together you have demonstrated every loathsome characteristic of the male personality and even discovered a few new ones. You are physically repulsive, intellectually retarded, you re morally reprehensible, vulgar, insensitive, selfish, stupid, you have no taste, a lousy sense of humor, and you smell. You re not even interesting enough to make me sick.
Dear Friend, I like to start my notes to you as if we re already in the middle of a conversation. I pretend that we re the oldest and dearest friends, as opposed to what we actually are, people who don t know each other s names and met in a chat room where we both claimed we d never been before. What will NY152 say today I wonder. I turn on my computer, I wait impatiently as it connects. I go on-line and my breath catches in my chest until I hear three little words: You ve got mail. I hear nothing, not even a sound on the streets of New York, just the beat of my own heart. I have mail. From you.
Their form. Neck. Shoulders. Legs. Hips. I think pretty cool. Now, as far as your famous penis goes, the penis is like some sort of bizarre sea slug or like a really long toe. I mean, it s handy. Important even. But the pinnacle of sexual design? The top of the list of erotic destinations? I don t think so. Ones first impulse is to kiss what? To kiss the lips. Firm, delicious lips, sweet lips, surrounding a warm, moist, dizzingly scented mouth. That s what everyone wants to kiss. Not a toe. Not a sea slug. A mouth. And why do you think that is, stupid? Because the mouth is the twin sister, the almost exact look-alike of what? Not the toe. The mouth is the twin sister of the vagina. And all creatures big and small seek the orifice, the opening, to be taken in, engulfed, to be squeezed, lovingly crushed by what is truly the all-powerful, all-encompassing. No, if it s design you re concerned with, hidden meaning, symbolism, power, forget the top of Mount Everest, forget the bottom of the sea, the moon, the stars, there is no place nowhere that has been the object of more ambitions, more battles than the sweet sacred mystery between a woman s legs that I am proud to call my pussy. So I guess this is just my roundabout way of saying that it is women who are in fact the most desirable form. Wouldn t you agree?

I never get mad, Mrs. Threadgoode. Never. The way I was raised it was bad manners. Well I got mad and it felt terrific. I felt like I could beat the shit out of all those punks. Excuse my language; just beat them to a pulp. Beat them until they begged for mercy. Towanda, the Avenger! And after I wipe out all the punks of this world I ll take on the wife beaters, like Frank Bennett, and machine gun their genitals. Towanda on the rampage! I ll put tiny little bombs in Penthouse and Playboy, so they ll explode when you open them. And I ll ban all fashion models who weigh less than 130 pounds. I ll give half the military budget to people over 65 and declare wrinkles sexually desirable. Towanda: Righter of Wrongs, Queen Beyond Compare!


You know, honestly by the time you re 34, all the physical requirements just go out the window. You secretly pray that he ll be taller than you, not an asshole would be nice just someone who enjoys my company, comes from a good family. You don t think about that when you re younger. Someone who wants kids, likes kids. Healthy enough to play with his kids. Please let him earn more money than I do, you might not understand that now but believe me, you will one day otherwise that s a recipe for disaster. And hopefully, some hair on his head. I mean, that s not even a deal breaker these days. A nice smile. Yea, a nice smile just might do it.


Sometimes it feels like, no matter how much success I have, it s not gonna matter until I find the right guy. I could have made it work, he really fit the bill, you know. White collar, 6 1, college grad, loves dogs, likes funny movies, brown hair, kind eyes, works in finance but is outdoorsy. I always imagined he d have a single syllable name like Matt or John or Dave. In a perfect world, he drives a 4 runner and the only thing he loves more than me is his golden lab. And a nice smile. What about you?


He traveled all around the world, and everywhere he went, he d use his word, and all would say,  There goes a clever gent!     Oh, supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! Even though the sound of it is something quite atrocious, if you say it loud enough, you ll always sound precocious! Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious! 

Yeah, you better keep a look out. I m not very bright I guess. No, just dumb, if I had any brains I wouldn t be on this crummy train with this crummy girl s band. I used to sing with male bands but I can t afford it anymore, have you ever been with a male band? That s what I m running away from. I ve been with six different ones in the last two years . Oh brother!   I ll say I can t trust myself. I have this thing about saxophone players , especially tenor sax. I don t know what it is but they just curdle me. All they have to do is play eight bars of  Come To Me, My Melancholy Baby  and my spine turns to custard. I get goose pimply all over and I come to them. Every time.   But you re a girl thank goodness. That s why I joined this band: Safety first. Anything to get away from those bums. You don t know what they re like! You fall for them. You really love them, you think,  This is going to be the biggest thing since the Graf Zeppelin.  The next thing you know, they re borrowing money from you, they re spending it on other dames and betting on horses. Then one morning, you wake up, the guy s gone, the saxophone s gone. All that s left behind is a pair of old socks and a tube of toothpaste all squeezed out. So you pull yourself together, you go on to the next job, the next saxophone player. It s the same thing all over again. See what I mean? Not very bright. I can tell you one thing, it s not going to happen to me again. Ever. I m tired of getting the fuzzy end of the lollipop.

Fox Force Five. Fox, as in we re a bunch of foxy chicks. Force, as in we re a force to be reckoned with. And five, as in there s one, two, three, four, five of us. There was a blonde one, Sommerset O Neal, she was a leader. The Japanese fox was a kung fu master. The black girl was a demolition expert. French fox s speciality was sex.   Knives. The character I played, Raven McCoy, her background was she grew up raised by circus performers. According to the show, she was the deadliest woman in the world with a knife. And she knew a zillion old jokes her grandfather, an old vaudevillian, taught her. And if we would have got picked up, they would have worked in a gimmick where every show I would have told another joke.   Don t you hate that? Uncomfortable silences. 

A sweet, innocent, harmless, leaf-eating, doe-eyed little deer.   Imagine you re a deer. You re prancing along, you get thirsty, you spot a little brook, you put your little deer lips down to the cool clear water  BAM! A fucking bullet rips off part of your head! Your brains are laying on the ground in little bloody pieces! Now I ask ya. Would you give a fuck what kind of pants the son of a bitch who shot you was wearing?
 

I remember the exact moment. I was on the phone with my mother and she was trying to council me through this thing and nothing she was saying was making me feel any better and she said,  Bethany .God has a plan.  I was so angry with her. I was, like,  What about my plans? , you know? I had planned to have a family, with my husband, wasn t that plan good enough for God?   Apparently not. I hate thoughts like that, but you know, they come to you with age. When you re a kid, you never question the whole faith thing. Nope. God s in Heaven, and He s She s always got Her eye on you. I would give anything to feel that way again.


I know exactly who you are. You re Kenny Fisher. We used to play Miami Vice in my basement. You used to sleepover at my house. You had to leave the hall light on every night. You re Kenny Fisher who used to buy me a card every Valentine s Day and a bag of those little hearts with the words on them. And you re Kenny Fisher who suddenly got too cool to hang out with me when we hit junior high. Cause, I was in all the smart classes, and cause my parent s didn t make a lot of money. And cause you desperately needed to sit at the trendy table in the cafeteria.

Let s not start again on that, Jeff. Please? I m just beginning to get over it. Look, Jeff, we had two wonderful months this summer, but that was it. Happens all the time. Wife and kids go away to the country and the boss has a fling with his secretary, or the manicurist, or the elevator girl. Come September, the picnic s over. Goodbye! The kids go back to school. The boss goes back to the wife. And the girl   they don t make these shrimp like they used to. For a while there you try kidding yourself that you re going with an unmarried man. Then one day he keeps looking at his watch, and asks you if there s any lipstick showing. Then rushes out to catch the 7:14 to White Plains. So you fix yourself a cup of instant coffee and you sit there by yourself and you think. And it all begins to look so ugly.


They re either married or gay. And if they re not gay, they ve just broken up with the most wonderful woman in the world, or they ve just broken up with a bitch who looks exactly like me. They re in transition from a monogamous relationship and they need more space. Or they re tired of space, but they just can t commit. Or they want to commit, but they re afraid to get close. They want to get close, you don t want to get near them.

Ah, what indeed, dear? That is the point. He goes to see her continually and stops for hours at a time. And while he is there, she is not at home to anyone. Not that many ladies call on her, dear, but she has a great many disreputable men friends, my own brother particularly, as I told you, and that is what makes it so dreadful about Windermere. We looked upon him as being such a model husband, but I am afraid there is no doubt about it. My dear nieces, you know the Saville girls, don t you?, such nice domestic creatures, plain, dreadfully plain, but so good, well, they re always at the window doing fancy work, and making ugly things for the poor, which I think so useful of them in these dreadful socialistic days, and this terrible woman has taken a house in Curzon Street, right opposite them, such a respectable street, too! I don t know what we re coming to! And they tell me that Windermere goes there four and five times a week they see him. They can t help it and although they never talk scandal, they well, of course they remark on it to everyone. And the worst of it all is that I have been told that this woman has got a great deal of money out of somebody, for it seems that she came to London six months ago without anything at all to speak of, and now she has this charming house in Mayfair, drives her ponies in the Park every afternoon and all well, all since she has known poor dear Windermere. It s quite true, my dear. The whole of London knows about it. That is why I felt it was better to come and talk to you, and advise you to take Windermere away at once to Homburg or to Aix, where he ll have something to amuse him, and where you can watch him all day long. I assure you, my dear, that on several occasions after I was first married, I had to pretend to be very ill, and was obliged to drink the most unpleasant mineral waters, merely to get Berwick out of town. He was so extremely susceptible. Though I am bound to say he never gave away any large sums of money to anybody. He is far too high-principled for that.


Why, how impolite of him. I asked him a civil question, and he pretended not to hear me. That s not at all nice. I say, Mr. White Rabbit, where are you going? He won t answer me. And I do so want to know what he is late for. I wonder if I might follow him. Why not? There s no rule that I mayn t go where I please. I will follow him. Wait for me, Mr. White Rabbit. I m coming, too! How curious. I never realized that rabbit holes were so dark  and so long and so empty. I believe I have been falling for five minutes, and I still can t see the bottom! Hmph! After such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling downstairs. How brave they ll all think me at home. Why, I wouldn t say anything about it even if I fell off the top of the house! I wonder how many miles I ve fallen by this time. I must be getting somewhere near the center of the earth. I wonder if I shall fall right through the earth! How funny that would be. Oh, I think I see the bottom. Yes, I m sure I see the bottom. I shall hit the bottom, hit it very hard, and oh, how it will hurt!

Give me a break Dont huh me! You waltz in here 25 minutes late and expect sympathy? Huh!
I have CLEANED the house, and washed all of YOUR clothes, and ran a daycare center for socially deviant munchkins, and missed Oprah! Ran this one to a ballet lesson, this one to the dentist no cavities thank you very much! Do you realize that I have slaved over a hot stove so you could have a hot meal when you come home HAH HMM HMM HMM! Sorry! HAH! Sorry! Sorry does not change the fact that my chicken tetrezini is ruined! RUINED! Its all dried out! But do you have the common courtesy to call me and tell me that you will be 25 minutes late? NO! Well, I am not an animal Oh my God, whats happening to me?
I demand justice. Someone has married my brother.
I know Im not as smart as you guys with all this computer shit. But, hey Im still alive, aint I? I mean, youve *got* to be running out of bad guys by now, right? Huh? Gabriel? Honestly, you can tell me. I mean, how does that work? Got some kind of service or something? Some kind of 800 number? 1-800-HENCHMEN? Oh, you know what? I bet youre still on hold with, Can I get another dead Asian hooker bitch over here right away?
Hey, you wanna hear a story, about this boy, he owned a dairy farm, see, and his ol ma, she was kinda sick, you know. And the doctor, he called him over and said, Uh, listen, your Ma, shes just lyin there. Shes just so sick and shes weakly. And uh, uh I want ya to try to persuade her to take a little brandy, see. Just to pick her spirits up, ya know. And, uh, Mas a teetotaler, he says, she, she wouldnt touch a drop. Well, Ill tell ya what ya do, uh, thats the Doc. Ill tell ya what ya do, uh, you bring in a fresh quart of milk every day. And you put some brandy in it, see. And you try that. So he did. And he doctored it all up with the brandy, fresh milk, and he gave it to his mama. And she drank a little bit of it. She didnt, you know. So next day he brought it in again, and she drank a little more, you know. And so then, it went on that way. The third day, just a little more, and the fourth day, she was, you know, took a little bit more. And then finally, one week later, uh he gave her the milk and she just drank it down. Boy, she swallowed the whole, whole, whole thing, you know. And she called him over and she said, Son, whatever you do, dont sell that cow!
First well make snow angels for a two hours, then well go ice skating, then well eat a whole roll of Tollhouse Cookiedough as fast as we can, and then well snuggle.
I feel good today, Silent Bob, were gonna make some money, then you know what were going to do? Were gonna go to that party, were gonna get some pussy, and Im gonna fuck this bitch, Ill fuck this bitch, Ill fuck anything that moves!  Yo, what the fuck you lookin at? Ill kick your fuckin ass! Shit yeah.  Doesnt that mother fucker owe me 10 bucks? You know, fuckin tonight, were gonna rip off this fuckers head, and tear out his fuckin soul. Remind me if he tries to buy something, Im gonna shit in the motherfuckers bag.  Hey, whats up babes? Whats up, sluts?
How humiliating. Max Bialystock. Max Bialystock. You know who I used to be? Max Bialystock! King of Broadway! Six shows running at once! Lunch at Delmonicos. $200 suits. You see this? This once held a pearl as big as your eye! Look at me now. Look at me now!! Im wearing a cardboard belt! I used to have thousands of investors begging, pleading to put their money in a Max Bialystock production. Look at my investors now. Voila! Hundreds of little old ladies stopping off at Max Bialystocks office to grab a last thrill on the way to the cemetery! You have exactly 10 seconds to change that look of disgusting pity into one of enormous respect. One, two Do the books. Do the booksWindows so filthy, cant tell whether its day or night out there.  Thats it, baby! When you got it, flaunt it. Flaunt It!
I will be watching you and if I find that you are trying to corrupt my first born child, I will bring you down, baby. I will bring you down to Chinatown.

Chapter One. He adored New York City. He idolized it all out of proportion. Uh, no, make that: He-he romanticized it all out of proportion. OK To him, no matter what the season was, this was still a town that existed in black and white and pulsated to the great tunes of George Gershwin. Uh, now let me start this over Chapter One: He was too romantic about Manhattan, as he was about everything else. He thrived on the hustle bustle of the crowds and the traffic. To him, New York meant beautiful women and street smart guys who seemed to know all the angles. Ah, corny, too corny for, you know, my taste. Let me, let me try and make it more profound Chapter One: He adored New York City. To him it was a metaphor for the decay of contemporary culture. The same lack of individual integrity that caused so many people to take the easy way out was rapidly turning the town of his dreams in.. No, its gonna be too preachy, I mean, you know, lets face it, I wanna sell some books here. Chapter One: He adored New York City. Although to him it was a metaphor for the decay of contemporary culture. How hard it was to exist in a society desensitized by drugs, loud music, television, crime, garbage Too angry. I dont wanna be angry. Chapter One. He was as tough and romantic as the city he loved. Behind his black-rimmed glasses was the coiled sexual power of a jungle cat. Oh, I love this! New York was his town, and it always would be.
Well, I dont know either. I think Im a very nice guy. I also think Im a pretty smart guy in my own way. You know how I figure. Two people get married and are gonna live together forty or fifty years, so its gotta be more than whether theyre just good-looking or not. Now you tell me you think youre not so good looking. Well, my father was a real ugly man but my mother adored him. She told me how she used to get so miserable sometimes; like everybody, you know? And, and she says my father always tried to understand. I used to see them sometimes when I was a kid sittin in the living room talkin and talkin. And I used to adore my old man because he was always so kind. Thats one of the most beautiful things I have in my life; the way my father and mother were. And my father was a real ugly man. So it doesnt matter if you look like a gorilla. You see, dogs like us, we aint such dogs as we think we are.
Youre spending what? Twenty, maybe thirty dollars a week on your cigarettes? Fifty-three dollars a week on cigarettes! Come on! Would you give somebody that much money each week to kill you? Cause thats what youre doing now, by paying for this so-called privilege to smoke Its that kinda mentality that allows the cancer-producing industry to thrive. Course were all gonna die some day. But do we have to pay for it? Do we have to actually throw hard-earned dollars down on the counter and say, Please Mr. Merchant-of-Death, sir, please, sell me something thatll stink up my breath and my clothes and fry my lungs? Yeah. Yeah, and now here comes the speech about how hes just doing his job by following orders. Friends, let me tell you about another group of hate mongers that were just following orders. They were called Nazis!Yeah, and they practically wiped an entire nation of people off the Earth just like your cigarettes are doing now.
To this day, I have no idea. We actually all went to college together. Believe it or not, we were very close friends. Then after graduation, he got engaged to her. He asked me to be his best man and right about that time, I started banging her and mowing her box. She was actually the first person I felt comfortable enough around to let eat out my butt. Anyway, shortly thereafter, she left him for me. She was actually carrying his child at the time. I asked her to terminate it, obviously, so we could start fresh. And she agreed. We were so in love. And he took that from me.
Of course thats your contention. Youre a first year grad student. You just got finished readin some Marxian historian, Pete Garrison probably. Youre gonna be convinced of that til next month when you get to James Lemon and then youre gonna be talkin about how the economies of Virginia and Pennsylvania were entrepreneurial and capitalist way back in 1740. Thats gonna last until next year. Youre gonna be in here regurgitating Gordon Wood, talkin about, you know, the Pre-Revolutionary utopia and the capital-forming effects of military mobilization
Wood drastically underestimates the impact of social distinctions predicated upon wealth, especially inherited wealth. You got that from Vickers, Work in Essex County, page 98, right? Yeah, I read that, too. Were you gonna plagiarize the whole thing for us? Do you have any thoughts of your own on this matter? Or do you, is that your thing? You come into a bar. You read some obscure passage and then pretend, you pawn it off as your own, as your own idea just to impress some girls and embarrass my friend? See, the sad thing about a guy like you is in 50 years, youre gonna start doin some thinkin on your own and youre gonna come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life. One: dont do that. And two: you dropped a hundred and fifty grand on a fuckin education you coulda got for a dollar fifty in late charges at the public library.
Who are you carrying all those bricks for anyway? God? Is that it? God? Well, I tell ya, let me give you a little inside information about God. God likes to watch. Hes a prankster. Think about it. He gives man instincts. He gives you this extraordinary gift and then what does He do? I swear, for His own amusement, His own private cosmic gag reel, He sets the rules in opposition. Its the goof of all time. Look, but dont touch. Touch, but dont taste. Taste, dont swallow. And while youre jumpin from one foot to the next, what is He doin? Hes laughin His sick, fuckin ass off. Hes a tight-ass. Hes a sadist. Hes an absentee landlord. Worship that? Never!  Why not? Im here on the ground with my nose in it since the whole thing began! Ive nurtured every sensation man has been inspired to have! I cared about what he wanted and I never judged him. Why? Because I never rejected him, in spite of all his imperfections! Im a fan of man! Im a humanist. Maybe the last humanist. Who, in their right mind, Kevin, could possibly deny the 20th century was entirely mine? All of it, Kevin! All of it! Mine! Im peaking, Kevin. Its my time now. Its our time.
Now look, boys. I aint much of a hand at makin speeches. But I got a pretty fair idea that somethin doggone important is goin on back there. And I got a fair idea of the kind of personal emotions that some of you fellas may be thinkin. Heck, I reckon you wouldnt even be human beins if you didnt have some pretty strong personal feelings about nuclear combat. I want you to remember one thing: the folks back home is a-countin on ya, and by golly, we aint about to let em down. Tell ya somethin else. If this thing turns out to be half as important as I figure it just might be, Id say that youre all in line for some important promotions an personal citations when this things over with. That goes for every last one of ya, regardless of your race, color, or your creed. Now, lets get this thing on the hump. We got some flyin to do.
You American-haters bore me to tears, Miss Barham. Ive dealt with Europeans all my life. I know all about us parvenus from the States who come over here and race around your old cathedral towns with our cameras and Coca-Cola bottles, brawl in your pubs, paw your women, and act like we own the world. We over-tip. We talk too loud. We think we can buy anything with a Hershey bar. Ive had Germans and Italians tell me how politically ingenuous we are. And perhaps so. But we havent managed a Hitler or Mussolini yet. Ive had Frenchmen call me a savage because I only took half an hour for lunch. Hell, Miss Barham, the only reason the French take two hours for lunch is because the service in their restaurants is lousy. The most tedious lot are you British. We crass Americans didnt introduce war into your little island. This war, Miss Barham, to which we Americans are so insensitive, is the result of 2,000 years of European greed, barbarism, superstition, and stupidity. Dont blame it on our Coca-Cola bottles. Europe was a going brothel long before we came to town.  Its not my job to listen to your sentimental contempt.
When life gives you lemons, you make lemonade. Unless you dont have any water or sugar. And then you just eat the lemons, and the rind will give you diarrhea.  Vincent Van Gogh. Everyone said to him, You cant be a great painter, you only have one ear. And you know what he said? I cant hear you.  So dare to dream. Dream your wildest dreams. You can climb the highest mountain. You can drown in a teacup, if you find a big enough teacup. And if somebody tells you that you cant do something, you say, Yes, I can. Cause Im doing it right now!
Aright listen up! The guys were after are professional runners. They like speed and are guaranteed to go down the hardest possible way so make sure youve got your funderwear on. We find em we take em as a team and we bring em back. And above all else we dont ever, ever let them get into cars.
Let me tell you what Like a Virgin' is about. Its all about a girl who digs a guy with a big dick. The entire song, its a metaphor for big dicks. Like a Virgins not about some sensitive girl who meets a nice fella. Thats what True Blues about. Now, granted, no argument about thatLet me tell you what Like a Virgins about. Its all about this cooze whos a regular fuck machine. Im talkin morning, day, night, afternoon, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick, dick Then one day, she meets this John Holmes motherfucker, and its like, whoa baby. I mean, this cat is like Charles Bronson in The Great Escape. Hes digging tunnels. Shes getting this serious dick action and shes feelin something she aint felt since forever. Pain. Pain. It hurts. It hurts her. It shouldnt hurt her. You know, her pussy should be Bubble Yum by now, but when this cat fucks her, it hurts. It hurts just like it did the first time. You see, the pain is reminding a fuck machine what it was once like to be a virgin. Hence  Like a Virgin.
Perhaps shes merely trying to escape reality. In this case, you! We all try to escape reality. We all wanna be something entirely different than we really are. When I was a kid, I wanted to be a fireman. Do you remember in college how stage struck I was? I wanted to be a dancer. Psychoanalysis showed me I was wrong. Its the one way of finding out what we really want and why we want it.
Think big, think positive, never show any sign of weakness. Always go for the throat. Buy low, sell high. Fear? Thats the other guys problem. Nothing you have ever experienced will prepare you for the absolute carnage you are about to witness. Super Bowl, World Series  they dont know what pressure is. In this building, its either kill or be killed. You make no friends in the pits and you take no prisoners. One minute youre up half a million in soybeans and the next, boom, your kids dont go to college and theyve repossessed your Bentley. Are you with me?
A person is smart. People are dumb, panicky dangerous animals and you know it. Fifteen hundred years ago everybody knew the Earth was the center of the universe. Five hundred years ago, everybody knew the Earth was flat, and fifteen minutes ago, you knew that people were alone on this planet. Imagine what youll know tomorrow.
When some wild-eyed, eight-foot-tall maniac grabs your neck, taps the back of your favorite head up against the barroom wall, and he looks you crooked in the eye and he asks you if ya paid your dues, you just stare that big sucker right back in the eye, and you remember what ol Jack Burton always says at a time like that: Have ya paid your dues, Jack? Yessir, the check is in the mail.
Oh, you analyze everything out of existence. Youd analyze me out of existence, but I wont let you. Love isnt so simple, Ninotchka. Ninotchka, why do doves bill and coo? Why do snails, the coldest of all creatures, circle interminably around each other? Why do moths fly hundreds of miles to find their mates? Why do flowers slowly open their petals? Oh, Ninotchka, Ninotchka, surely you feel some slight symptom of the divine passion? A general warmth in the palms of your hands, a strange heaviness in your limbs, a burning of the lips that isnt thirst but something a thousand times more tantalizing, more exalting, than thirst?
You look down, they know youre lying and up, they know you dont know the truth. Dont use seven words when four will do. Dont shift your weight, look always at your mark but dont stare, be specific but not memorable, be funny but dont make him laugh. Hes got to like you then forget you the moment youve left his side. And for Gods sake, whatever you do, dont, under any circumstances
Oh, eureka. God, thats nice. Its like a little bowl of oatmeal with a hole in it. I got one too. I just got a little more brown sugar on mine.  Im not gonna lie to you, its gonna get weird.  Two dragons.
Wheat. Im dead, theyre talking about wheat. The question is: have I learned anything about life. Only that human beings are divided into mind and body. The mind embraces all the nobler aspirations, like poetry and philosophy, but the body has all the fun. The important thing, I think, is not to be bitter. You know, if it turns about that there is a god, I dont think that he is evil, I think that the worse thing you could say about him is that he is, basically, an underachiever. After all, there are worse things in life than death. If youve ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman, you know exactly what I mean. The key is, to not think of death as an end, but as more of a very effective way to cut down on your expenses. Regarding love, heh, what can you say? Its not the quantity of your sexual relations that count. Its the quality. On the other hand, if the quantity drops below once every eight months, I would definitely look into it. Well, thats about it for me folks. Goodbye.
Deformed, unfinished, sent before my time into this breeding world. Im cured of fantasy obsessions, paranoid delusions. I master words. I  straighten up there. AM  close up with I  you horrible little word. GOD. I AM GOD. Not the god of love, but God Almighty. I massacred the Amalekites and the Seven Nations of Canaan. I hacked Agag to pieces and blasted the barren fig tree, for the day of vengeance is in my heart! You lunar jackass, she betrayed you. Guilty, guilty, guilty. The punishment is death. Ive finally been processed. They made me adjust to modern times. This is 1888, isnt it? Im Jack, Cunning Jack, Quiet Jack. Jack whose sword never sleeps. Hats off, Im Jack. Not the good shepherd, not the prince of peace. Im red Jack, spring-heeled Jack, Jack from Hell. Trade name: Jack the Ripper! Mary, Annie, Elizabeth, Catherine, Alice, Marie Kelly. Six little whores, glad to be alive. One sidles up to Jack, and then there are five.
Doesnt matter, it cant happen. Its impossible. Lois could never have Supermans baby. Do you think her fallopian tubes can handle the sperm? I guarantee he blows a load like a shotgun right through her back. What about her womb? Do you think its strong enough to carry his child? Hes an alien, for Chrissake. His Kyrptonian biological makeup is enhanced by earths yellow sun. If Lois gets a tan, the kid could kick right through her stomach. Only someone like Wonder Woman has a strong enough uterus to carry his kid. The only way he could bang regular chicks is with a kryptonite condom. That would kill him.
But you know, when I look at these contestants! For the Miss Black Awareness Pageant, I feel good! I feel good, because I know theres a God somewhere! Theres a God somewhere! Turn around ladies for me please! You know theres a God who sits on high and looks down low! Man cannot make it like this! Larry Flynt! Hugh Hefner! They can take the picture, but you cant make it! Only God above, the Hugh Hefner on high, can make it for ya!  Do you love Him? Do you feel joy? Say Joy! Joy! Can I get an Ahe-men? Dont be ashamed to call His name!  Only God can give that woman the kind of joy she has right there! Make a joyful noise unto the Lord!  Amen! Yes, sir! Can I get an Amen? Ha! Ha! I dont know you what you come to do, but I come to praise the name! Lord, Lord!
Guess what, I do. I know that one day Veronica and I are gonna to get married on top of a mountain, and theres going to be flutes playing and trombones and flowers and garlands of fresh herbs. And we will dance till the sun rises. And then our children will form a family band. And we will tour the countryside and you wont be invited.
None of you know Stu like I do. Not you. Not you. Not you. Not you. Not nobody knows Stu like I do. No one. I cant even tell you what weve been through because we made a pact, more important than blood. What I can tell you is this. This is not Stus first marriage. There was a whore in Las Vegas a couple of years ago
JILLIAN:
I wanted those moments  few and far between as they were. I wanted whatever time and affection you could give me. No matter what it cost me. I felt like you found comfort in me. And maybe I wasnt your first choice, you know? But I was glad that I was somewhere on the list. I let it happen again and again, more times than I can even count.
Angela:  Last month I was cutting thoseGOD what are those called (she is frustrated she cant remember)those green leaf things.
Hey. Do you mind if I tell you a story? One you might not have heard. All the elements in your body were forged many many millions of years ago in the heart of a faraway star that exploded and died. That explosion scattered those elements across the desolations of deep space. After so, so many millions of years, these elements came together to form new stars and new planets. And on and on it went. The elements came together and burst apart, forming shoes and ships and sealing wax and cabbages and kings. Until, eventually, they came together to make you. You are unique in the universe. There is only one Merry Galel. And there will never be another.  Throwing that existence away isnt a sacrifice, its a waste.
Heidi: (talking to herself, she has very few tears coming down her face) Heidi, remember when you  were Miss Confident, when what anyone said to you or about you didnt matter? You wish you could go back to the days when popularity was only on T.V., and now look at you, youre sitting in your room crying because Jason broke up with you right before the dance. Youre worried that everyones going to make fun of you for showing up without a date. You say that it doesnt bother you and it doesnt matter but it does, you  told Jason everything, you dated since the seventh grade and now he dumps you Junior year, and the worst part, for someone else. And Amy has been your best friend since the fifth grade but Michel was more comforting about it. (wipes away her tears) Whats wrong with me, why am I crying like an idiot, I dont need boys to be happy. I am going to go to that dance and show them that Heidi Quinn only has to be loved by three people in the world to be happy and thats Me, Myself, and I. Cause I dont anybody else.  And chances are Jason wasnt right for me anyway. Because if he really loved me he wouldnt break my heart. So Im going to pick up the pieces of this broken heart and put it back together, because God has a plan for me, and Im sure its not for me to be with Jason. So from this point on. Im done (grabs her keys and exits)
How could you understand? Do you know what it is to be a a lover? To be half of a whole? Ill tell you a riddle. Youre waiting for a train, a train that will take you far away. You know where you hope this train will take you, but you dont know for sure. But it doesnt matter. How can it not matter to you where that train will take you?
Childhood is not from birth to a certain age, but a certain age the child is grown, and puts away childish things. childhood is the kingdom where nobody dies
What the hell was that!, you dont talk to me and then you say you have a crush on me, you say you want to train alone, is that how you wanna play, huh. Lets start right now!
No, dad thats not how it works. You cant threaten me Im eighteen now, and you cant do that. You cant take away my car keys Im too old for that, and you cant tell me Im not.  You cant tell me Im not allowed to date Rick, Im not fifteen anymore. And the fact that you dont trust me to make good choices is upsetting, no, never mind, its just nauseating. Im dating him and thats FINAL!
With beautiful wings of silk, a crown of baby rose buds, & they all live together in a castle. You know what its made of, sunflowers hundreds of them, so bright they shine like gold. When the angles want to go some place they just whistle like this (whistles). A cloud floats to the castle door & picks them up & the angels fly through the sky riding the cloud like a magic carpet under the moon & through the stars, until they are hovering right above us. Thats how they can look down & see if we are all right. Sometimes they even send messages to us. Of course, you cant hear the messages if you were kicking & screaming as loudly as you were. But they always try again in case if weve missed it.
You were once my one companion
You were all that mattered
You were once a friend and father
Then my world was shattered
Wishing you were somehow here again
Wishing you were somehow near
Sometimes it seemed
If I just dreamed
Somehow you would be near
Wishing I could hear your voice again
Knowing that I never would
Dreaming of you wont help me to do
All that you dreamed I could
Passing bells and sculpted angels,
Cold and monumental.
Seem, for you, the wrong companions,
You were warm and gentle.
Too many years fighting back tears,
Why cant the past just die!
Wishing you were somehow here again,
Knowing we must say goodbye!
Try to forgive, teach me to live!
Give me the strength to try!
No more memories, no more silent tears!
No more gazing across the wasted years!
Help me say goodbye
Help me say goodbye
Bess McNeill, for many years youve prayed for love, should I take it away from you again, is that what you want?
No, no. Im still grateful for love.
What do you want then?
I pray for Jan to come home.
He will be coming home in ten days. You must learn to endure, you  know that!
I cant wait.
This is unlike you, Bess. Out there there are people who need Jan and his work. What about them?
They dont matter.  Nothing else matters. I just want Jan home again. I pray to you, oh please, wont you send him home?
Are you sure thats what you want?
Yes.
Everyone has an Angel. A Guardian who watches over us. We cant know what form theyll take One day, Old man, Next day, Little girl. But dont let appearances fool you, They can be as fierce as any dragon. Yet theyre not here to fight our battles. But to whisper from our hearts. Reminding that its us. Its everyone of us who holds power over the world we create.
You can deny angels exist, Convince ourselves they cant be real. But they show up anyway, at strange places and at strange times. They can speak through any character we can imagine. Theyll shout through demons if they have to. Daring us, challenging us to fight.
Who honors those we love with the very life we live? Who sends monsters to kill us, and at the same time sings that well never die? Who teaches us whats real, and how to laugh at lies? Who decides why we live, and what well die to defend? Who chains us, and who holds the key to set us free? Its you. You have all the weapons you need. Now fight!
Oh come now, prince Phillip. Why so melancholy? A wondrous future lies before you. You, the destined hero of a charming fairy tale come true. Behold, King Stefans castle, and in yonder topmost tower, dreaming of her true love, the princess Aurora.  But see the gracious whim of fate. Why, tis the self same peasant maid, who won the heart of our noble prince but yesterday. She is indeed most wondrous fair. Gold of sunshine in her hair, lips that shame the red, red rose. In ageless sleep she finds repose. The years roll by, but a hundred years to a steadfast heart are bout a day. And now, the gates of the dungeon part, and the prince is free to go his way. Off he rides on his noble steeda valiant figure, straight and tall, to wake his love with loves first kiss, and prove that true love conquers all! Come, my pet. Let us leave our noble prince with these happy thoughts.
A most gratifying day. For the first time in sixteen years I shall sleep well.
O what a noble mind
Ever since I realized, there was someone called a colored girl or an evil woman, a bitch or a nag I been trying not to be that and leave bitterness in somebody elses cup. Come to somebody to love me without deep and nasty smelling scars from lye or being left screaming in a street of lunatics whispering, Slut, bitch, bitch. Nigga, get out of here with all of that. I didnt have any of that for you. I brought you what joy I found. And I found joy. And then theres that woman who hurt you. And who you left three or four times. And then you went back after you put my heart in the bottom of your shoe. You just walked back to where you hurt and I didnt have nothing. So I went to where somebody had something for me, but none of them were you. I got a real dead loving here for you now, cause I dont know anymore how to avoid my own face wet with my tears because I had convinced myself that colored girls have no right to sorrow. I lived for you. I know I did it for myself, but I couldnt stand it. I couldnt stand being sorry and colored at the same time. Its so redundant in the modern world.
Stay back!. How do you fire this gun, Chino? By pulling this little trigger? How many bullets are left, Chino? Enough for you? Or you? All of you! You all killed him! And my brother! And Riff! Not with bullets and knives! With hate! Well, I can kill now too, because now I have hate! How many can I kill, Chino? How many and still have one bullet left for me? Dont touch him!
Shes letting me stay here while shes working on a movie thats being made in Canada. But I guess you already know that. Well, I couldnt afford a place like this in a million years, unless, of course, Im discovered and become a movie star. Of course, Id rather be known as a great actress than a movie star. But, you know, sometimes people end up being both. So that is, I guess youd say, sort of why I came here. Im sorry. Im just so excited to be here. I mean I just came here from Deep River, Ontario, and now Im in this dream place. Well, you can imagine how I feel.
Oh, I dont want to do this any more. Honey, I cant. Lets just? Lets have fun now! Lets just go and go and go, because its over. Theres just too many things, too many things, too many things. Too many things. I wanna go for a walk. Lets go for a walk.
My mother, shes very sick, you know. And I cant do anything. But I think, if only I could have got that meat for my mother it would make her strong. So I go to the country and, the peasants were selling ham and I buy it with the black market money and I bring it back. But its forbidden, you know, because all the meat goes to the Germans. So I sat on the train and I hid it under my skirt, I am pretending that I am pregnant, you know? Oh I was so afraid. I was shaking. And then the German, was in front of the train and he saw me. So he come over and take under my skirt that ham and So they sent me to Auschwitz.
What good is sitting alone In your room?
Come hear the music play.
Life is a Cabaret, old chum,
Come to the Cabaret.
Ah, yes. I remember my 16th birthday. It was the worst birthday of my life. I thought I couldnt do anything right. I couldnt please anyone and no matter how hard I tried or how much I wanted it, I just couldnt fit in. The last thing I wanted was a birthday party. I was a total wreck, but I got over it. I had to deal with some horrible days and I made some terrible decisions, but I also made some good choices and here I am, today!
	As much as I hated what I had to deal with back then  the feeling of helplessness and hopelessness, the inferiority, the clumsy, awkward days; I wouldnt trade a one of them for all books in the Library of Congress. Everybody knows how hard it is to grow up, but we all do it  some of us do it in spite of ourselves  but we do it.
	I believe I am stronger, and I hope a little wiser, now that Im older. Maybe all those struggles made me the person I am today. Maybe the choices and decisions I made then are why I am so happy today.
	Because I was bullied when I was a girl, I wont tolerate it now, and if I see someone mistreating another creature, be it a person or an animal, well, believe me  I do stand up for that one, and if I can, I make a difference. I learned that nothing is forever and no matter how bad I felt then, there was always a better day coming.
       That helps me now, too. My old body isnt as cooperative as when I was young, but its up to me how I deal with it  up to me how I act and react to my life. I have a choice. I have a choice  and I choose to be happy.
It all started on the day that I died. If there had been an obituary, it would have described the unremarkable life of an unremarkable woman, survived by no one. But there was no obituary, because the day that I died was also the day I started to live. But that comes later. This was my life. Days blended together, consistently ordinary, thanks to a job that was the practical version of my passion. I was supposed to be an artist by now. Instead, I was designing ads for beauty cream.  The day I died was the day I started to live. In my old life, I longed for someone to see what was special in me. You did, and for that, youll always be in my heart. But what I really needed was for me to see it. And now I do. Youre a good man, Tom. But you live in a world that has no place for someone like me. You see, sometimes Im good. Oh, Im very good. But sometimes Im bad. But only as bad as I wanna be. Freedom is power. To live a life untamed and unafraid is the gift that Ive been given, and so my journey begins.
Marriage is hard. Just two people slogging through the shit, year after year, getting older, changing. Its a fucking marathon, okay? So, sometimes, you know, youre together for so long, that you just You stop seeing the other person. You just see weird projections of your own junk. Instead of talking to each other, you go off the rails and act grubby and make stupid choices. You know if I read more Russian novels, then
Because everybody gets in a rut. Take me. A rut! But down there in Atlantic City, I got into a lot of thinking. You know what I mean? I dont mean just stewin around, I mean thinking. And to tell you the truth, I was surprised by how enjoyable it was! Well, you take most people, including me. They hardly ever get to do any thinking. When do they get the time? Or if you do get the time, theres the movies or the radio or you play a game of cards, but no thinking. Down there it was my first chance in I dont know how long, and Ive made up a rule: Im gonna do at least a half hours of thinking every day, all by myself. Just quietly.
Dont, Ann. Im happy, really I am. Now let me see, is there anything else? Oh yes, one more thing. When Michael runs Challenger in the National, oh, and hell win  Im sure hell win  have a party and invite all our friends. Now let me see, silly old Alec, if hes back from Europe, Colonel Mantle and old Carrie and, oh yes, and dont forget dear old Dr. Parsons. Give them champagne and be gay. Be very very gay. I must go in now. Ann, please understand, no one must be here, no one  I must show him I can do it alone. Perhaps it will help him over some bad moments to remember it. Ann, be my best friend. Go now. Please.  Is that you, Martha? I dont want to be disturbed.
The worst thing is that he made me move out here where my children are in school with only one other black kid so they wont be improperly influenced. Well, guess what John, youre the motherfuckin improper influence! Get your shit! Get your shit! And, get out!
Perhaps because youve always been a part of Shangri-La without knowing it. Im sure of it, just as Im sure theres a wish for Shangri-La in everyones heart. Ive never seen the outside world, but I understand there are millions and millions of people who are supposed to be mean and greedy. And I just know that secretly, they are all hoping to find a garden spot where there is peace, security, where theres beauty and comfort, where they wouldnt have to be mean and greedy. Oh, I just wish the whole world might come to this valley.
Oh, its really a wretched morning, wretched. I cant get myself right. I wanted to look mellow and I look brittle. My face doesnt compose well. Its all highlights. How can I dim myself down, Leon? Suggest something. Oh, Im so bored with this face. I wish I had someone elses face. Whose face would you have if you had your choice? Oh well, I guess one gets the face one deserves.
Whenever I see her, I just wanna you know, I wanna undress her, I wanna tie her up. I wanna pump her pump, pump, pump until she screams bloody murder, and then I wanna flip her ass over and pump her even more, so hard that my dick shoots right through her, and my cum squirts out her mouth. Not that I could ever actually do that.
Winds in the east, mist coming in. Like somethin is brewin and bout to begin. Cant put me finger on what lies in store, But I fear whats to happen all happened before
Take caution in your tone, Commander. Im a fair guy, but this fuckin heats making me absolutely crazy. You want to know about code reds?  On the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the NIS directive. Off the record I tell you that its an invaluable  part of close infantry training, and  if it happens to go on without my knowledge, so be it. I run my unit how I run my unit. You want to  investigate me, roll the dice and take your chances. I eat breakfast 300 yards away from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me. So dont think for one second, that you can come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
You cant handle the truth! Son we live in a world that has walls, and those walls have to be guarded by men with guns. Whose gonna do it you? You Lieutenant Weinberg? I have a greater responsibility that you can possibly fathom. You weep for Santiago and you curse the Marines. You have the luxury. You have the luxury of not knowing what I know, that Santiagos death while tragic, probably saved lives; and my existence while grotesque, and incomprehensible, to you, saves lives. You dont want the truth because deep down in places you dont talk about at parties, you want me on that well, you need me on that wall! We use words like honor, code, loyalty. We use these words as the backbone of a life spent defending something, you use them as a punchline. I have neither the time, nor the inclination to explain myself, to a man who rises and sleeps, under the blanket of the very freedom that I provide, and than questions the manner in which I provide them! Id rather you just said thank you, and went on your way. Otherwise I suggest you pick up a weapon, and stand a post. Either way, I dont give a damn, what you think you are entitled to!
Dear Pat, It was very emotional for me to get your letter, as Im sure you can imagine, but Im glad you took the risk of discreetly getting it to me through Tiffany. This gives us a chance to communicate while I keep the restraining order until I feel safe. I must admit you sound terrific and Im happy that you are feeling so positive and becoming a more loving and caring man, which I always knew you were. I was moved to read about Excelsior and your belief in happy endings. I am also moved by your act of love to read the books I have taught at the high school. Im sorry you find them so negative, but I disagree. I think they are great works of art that reflect how hard life can be and they can also help kids prepare themselves for the hardness of life. In spite of all these positive developments, Pat, I have to say if its me reading the signs, I need to see something to prove you are ready to resume our marriage. Otherwise I find myself thinking that we might both be better off moving on with our lives separately. Please dont react quickly to this, but take time to think about it. Im glad youre doing so well. Love, Nikki.
I live in the American Gardens Building on West 81st Street on the 11th floor. My name is Patrick Bateman. Im 27 years old. I believe in taking care of myself, and a balanced diet and a rigorous exercise routine. In the morning, if my face is a little puffy, Ill put on an ice pack while doing my stomach crunches. I can do a thousand now. After I remove the ice pack I use a deep pore cleanser lotion. In the shower I use a water activated gel cleanser, then a honey almond body scrub, and on the face an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb-mint facial masque which I leave on for 10 minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine. I always use an after shave lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your face out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion. There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman. Some kind of abstraction. But there is no real me. Only an entity. Something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours, and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable, I simply am not there.
[Thank you.] You dont have to thank me. [Yes I do. The Joker won. Harveys prosecution, everything he fought for, undone. Whatever chance you gave us at fixing the city dies with Harveys reputation. We bet it all on him. The Joker took the best of us and tore him down. People will lose hope.] They wont. They must never know what he did. [Five dead. Two of them cops. You cant sweep that.]  But the Joker cannot win. Gotham needs its true hero. You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become a villain. I can do those things, because Im not a hero, not like Dent. I killed those people. Thats what I can be. [No, no, you cant. youre not] Im whatever Gotham needs me to be. Call it in.  [Theyll hunt you.] Youll hunt me. Youll condemn me. Set the dogs on me. Because thats what needs to happen. Because sometimes the truth isnt good enough. Sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their  faith rewarded.
These are dark times, there is no denying. Our world has, perhaps, faced no greater threat than it does today. But I say this to our citizenry. We, ever your servants, will continue to defend your liberty and repel the forces that seek to take it from you. Your ministry remains strong.
Okay then, thats what Ill do. I will tell you a story. Can you hear them?  All those people who lived in terror of you and your judgement, all those people whose ancestors devoted themselves, sacrificed themselves, to you Can you hear them singing? Well you like to think youre a god. Well youre not a god, youre just a parasite eaten out with jealousy and envy and longing for the lives of others. You feed on them, on the memories of love and loss and birth and death and joy and sorrow. SoSo come on then, take my memories. But I hope youve got a big appetite because I have lived a long life, and I have seen a few things. I walked away from the last great Time War, I marked the passing of the time lords. I saw the birth of the universe and I watched as time ran out, moment by moment until nothing remainedNo time, no space, just me! I walked in universe where the laws of physics were devised by the mind of a mad man. And Ive watched universes freeze and creations burn. I have seen things you wouldnt believe and I have lost things you will never understand! And I know things Secrets that must never be told, knowledge that must never be spoken, knowledge that would make parasite gods blaze. So come on then. Take it! Take it all baby! Have it! You have it all!
This sound woke me up. Sound like a small animal that go trapped or something. Never heard a man cry. When I saw my father in the kitchen, all I can remember was the ashtray, mustve been a hundred cigarettes in there. Ash like a little mountain. He stopped crying and just sat there. Watching TV on our little black and white. I think he didnt know what else to do. He saw me standing in the doorway and he just goes, Your mother left. Shes not coming back. Just like that. Smokin cigarettes and eatin a TV dinner at six in the mornin.
(beat)
We lost our dog the year before. I wanted to make these posters so if she was lost someone could call us like the guy who found our dog. To this day my father will tell you that he helped me make those posters. But he didnt. He sat tehre, drank a case of beer and I went around by myself on School Street asking people if theyd seen my mother.
(beat)
Her name was Dorris MacRay and her mother had a restaurant called Carrols in Tangerine, Florida. Still there. I let myself think thats where she went but somewhere along the line I came to terms with the fact that if she left, she left for a reason. She didnt want to be my mother anymore and she wasnt coming back.
Hey. Do you mind if I tell you a story? One you might not have heard. All the elements in your body were forged many many millions of years ago in the heart of a faraway star that exploded and died. That explosion scattered those elements across the desolations of deep space. After so, so many millions of years, these elements came together to form new stars and new planets. And on and on it went. The elements came together and burst apart, forming shoes and ships and sealing wax and cabbages and kings. Until, eventually, they came together to make you. You are unique in the universe. There is only one Merry Galel. And there will never be another.  Throwing that existence away isnt a sacrifice, its a waste.
 I had always heard your entire life flashes in front of your eyes the second before you die. First of all, that one second isnt a second at all, it stretches on forever, like an ocean of time For me, it was lying on my back at Boy Scout camp, watching falling stars And yellow leaves, from the maple trees, that lined my street Or my grandmothers hands, and the way her skin seemed like paper And the first time I saw my cousin Tonys brand new Firebird And Janie And Janie And Carolyn. I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me but its hard to stay mad, when theres so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like Im seeing it all at once, and its too much, my heart fills up like a balloon thats about to burst And then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain and I cant feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life You have no idea what Im talking about, Im sure. But dont worry you will someday. 
Go Away. 
Anybody know what this place is? This is Gettysburg. This is where they fought the battle of Gettysburg. Fifty thousand men died right here on this field, fightin the same fight that were still fightin amongst ourselves today. This green field right here, painted red, bubblin with the blood of young boys. Smoke and hot lead pourin right through their bodies. Listen to their souls, men. I killed my brother with malice in my heart. Hatred destroyed my family. You listen, you take a lesson from the dead.
Becky! Come here. Somethin I ought to tell you. Guess nows as good a time as any. Youre going to have every young buck west of the Missouri around here tryin to marry you  mostly because youre a handsome filly, but partly because I own everything in this country from here to there. Theyll think youre going to inherit it. Well, youre not. Im going to leave most of it to, well, to the nation really, for a park where no lumbermenll cut down all the trees for houses with leaky roofs. Nobodyll kill all the beaver for hats for dudes nor murder the buffalo for robes. What Im going to give you is a 500 cow spread on the Upper Green River. Now that may not seem like much, but its more than we had, your mother and I. Some folks are gonna say Im doin all this so I can sit up in the hereafter and look down on a park named after me, or that I was disappointed in you  didnt want you to get all that money. But the real reason, Becky, is because I love you, and I want you and some young man to have what I had, because all the gold in the United States Treasury and all the harp music in heaven cant equal what happens between a man and a woman with all that growin together. I cant explain it any better than that.
Seneca, why do you think we have a winner? If we just wanted to intimidate the districts, why not just round up twenty- four of them at random and execute them all at once? Hope. It is the only thing stronger than fear. But it is also delicate. It can get  out of control. Like a fire. A little hope is effective. A lot of hope is dangerous. The spark is fine as long as you contain it.
Heres a holiday greeting Ive been meaning to send to the Mandarin I just didnt know how to say it until now. My name is Tony Stark and Im not afraid of you. I know youre a coward. Thats why Ive just decided that you just died, pal. Im going to come get the body. Theres no politics here, its just good old-fashioned revenge. Theres no Pentagon, its just you and me! And in the off-chance youre a man, heres my home address. 10-8-80 Malibu Point, 9-0-2-6-5. Ill leave the door unlocked.
No! Im sick of listening to your family. I have been chased, spun, hypnotized, paralyzed, and damn near killed by your family. I have been going out of my mind for the past two weeks, then your mother shows up on my door step and damn near gives me a heart attack but you know what. I dont care about them, about the curse, you are not going dark and you are not losing me! No matter what you do, no matter what they do to me, Im still here.  Now what does that tell you?
Alright, you dont wanna talk, fine! Ill talk. What do you want me to say? Im sorry? No, you knew. You knew from day one what this was. You decided to take the ride. I mean, what? You actually thought me, you and the little robot from the junk heap were gonna ride off into the sunset? Come on! No, youyou forgot who I was. You deserve betterthan me. Will you say something, please? I tried, okay? I mean, what do you want from me?
I dont have money. But what I do have are a very particular set of skills; skills I have acquired over a very long career. Skills that make me a nightmare for people like you. If you let my daughter go now, thatll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you dont, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you.
I dont know if I will have the time to
write any more letters because I might be
too busy trying to participate. So, if
this does end up being the last letter, I
just want you to know that I was in a bad
place before I started high school. And
you helped me.
Even if you didnt know what I was
talking about. Or know someone whos
gone through it. It made me not feel
alone.
Because I know there are people who say
all of these things dont happen. And
there are people who forget what its
like to be 16 when they turn 17.
I know these will all be stories someday.
And our pictures will become old
photographs. And well all become
somebodys mom or dad. But right now,
these moments are not stories.
This is happening. I am here. And I am
looking at her. And she is so beautiful.
I can see it. This one moment when you
know youre not a sad story. You are
alive. And as you stand up and see the
lights on buildings and everything that
makes you wonder. And you are listening
to that song on that drive with the
people you love most in this world.
And in this moment, I swear
 we are infinite.
Alva, there is no one else in this entire office that I could possibly ask to share such a horrible job. Youre the lowest on the totem pole here, Alva. The lowest. Do you realize that? Every other secretary here has been here longer than you, Alva. Every one. And even if there was someone here who was here even one day longer than you, I still wouldnt ask that person to partake in such a miserable job as long as you were around. Thats right, Alva. Its a horrible, horrible job; sifting through old contract after old contract. I couldnt think of a more horrible job if I wanted to. And you have to do it! You have to or Ill fire you. You understand? Do you? Good. So theres no problem then, is there?
Go on! Shoot, and we both go down and you win. Go on. Im dead anyway. I always was, right? I couldnt tell that until now. Hows that, is that what they want? I can still do this I can still do this! One more kill. Its the only thing I know how to do, bringing pride to my district. Not that it matters.
Of all the weapons in the vast soviet arsenal, nothing was more profitable than Avtomat Kalashnikova model of 1947. More commonly known as the AK-47, or Kalashnikov. Its the worlds most popular assault rifle. A weapon all fighters love. An elegantly simple 9 pound amalgamation of forged steel and plywood. It doesnt break, jam, or overheat. Itll shoot whether its covered in mud or filled with sand. Its so easy, even a child can use it; and they do. The Soviets put the gun on a coin. Mozambique put it on their flag. Since the end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has become the Russian peoples greatest export. After that comes vodka, caviar, and suicidal novelists. One thing is for sure, no one was lining up to buy their cars.
I aint draft dodging. I aint burning no flag, and I aint runnin to Canada. Im stayin right here. You want to send me to jail? Fine, you go right ahead. Ive been in jail for 400 years. I could be there for four or five more, but I aint goin no 10,000 miles to help murder and kill other poor people. If I want to die, Ill die right here, right now, fightin you, if I want to die. You my enemy, not no Chinese, no Vietcong, no Japanese. You my opposer  when I want freedom. You my opposer  when I want justice. You my opposer  when I want equality. Want me to go somewhere and fight for you? You wont even stand up for me right here in America, for my rights and my religious beliefs. You wont even stand up for my right here at home. You dont stand up for those young black brothers who are killing themselves out here in the deprived streets. But that isnt a problem to you because it hasnt reached wall street where all your money at. I or any other clever black man isnt putting on a khaki uniform and dropping bombs and spraying bullets onto other poor coloured people. Those who have never talked to me. Why? When these so called Negros are getting treated like dogs here in Louisville. Why should I go and fight them when I cant sit down and eat in a restaurant normally like everyone else. Whos the real enemy my brothers? Who? Those Vietcong or the establishment of the United states, I aint pointed no fingers at no one.
Those 50 stars on the flag mean the world to me but if those 50 stars want me to go and take an innocent life , then those 50 stars are useless. Those 50 stars are outweighed by the importance of the black skin thats stretch all over my body. Before the blue white and red or the stars comes the black.
Now I know for sure that ur going to ban me and confiscate my licence. But go ahead. You take everything away from me but I aint helping the racial domination of the white slave masters over the dark people of the world. Not at any cost.
My hands cant hit what my eyes cant see and Ive seen no Vietcong with my own two eyes.
The greatest, ur own. Muhammad ali.
My butt is very swollen.
I want to talk about loyalty, Toby. Control recruited you, didnt he? He found you starving in a museum in Vienna, a wanted man. He saved your life, I heard. And yet, when the time came when it came to picking sides between him and Allenine, you didnt hesitate. Its understandable, perhaps, with your war experience. You survived this long, I suppose, because of your ability to change sides, to serve any master.
The problem were trying to solve is that there are rich teams and there are poor teams. Then theres fifty of crap, and then theres us. Its an unfair game. And now weve been gutted. Were like organ donors for the rich. Bostons taken our kidneys, Yankees have taken our heart. And you guys just sit around talking the same old good body nonsense like were selling jeans. Like were looking for Fabio. Weve got to think differently. We are the last dog at the bowl. You see what happens to the runt of the litter? He dies.
Violence doesnt discriminate. It hits all of us. The rich, the poor, the healthy, the sick. It comes as cold and bracing as a winter breeze off the Hudson. Until it sinks into your bones, leaving you with a chill you cant shake. They say theres not rest for the wicked. But what about the good? The battle of Good vs. Evil is never-ending because evil always survives, with the help of evil men. As for Daredevil, well soon the world will know the truth. That this is a city born of heroes, that one man can make a difference.
But you know what? When you said that last time, I was kinda trippin, right? But now, youre right. I am crazy. But you know what else? I dont give a fuck. I dont give a fuck about you. I dont give a fuck about Steel. I dont give a fuck about Raheem, either. I dont give a fuck about myself. Look, I aint shit. I aint never gonna be shit and you less of a man than me, so as soon as I decide that you aint goin be shit, *pow*! So be it. You remember that, motherfucker. Cause Im the one you need to be worried about. Partner!
All right, Miss Bryant, do you want an interview? Write this down. Are you nave enough to think containing German militarism has anything to do with this war? Dont you understand that England and France own the world economy and Germany just wants a piece of it? Keep writing, Miss Bryant. Miss Bryant, cant you grasp that J. P. Morgan has loaned England and France a billion dollars? And if Germany wins, he wont get it back! More coffee? Americad be entering the war to protect J. P. Morgans money. If he loses, well have a depression. So the real question is, why do we have an economy where the poor have to pay so the rich wont lose money?
The snow glows white on the mountain tonight
Not a footprint to be seen
A kingdom of isolation,
And it looks like Im the Queen.
The wind is howling like this swirling storm inside
Couldnt keep it in, heaven knows I tried
Dont let them in, dont let them see
Be the good girl you always have to be
Conceal, dont feel, dont let them know
Well, now they know
Let it go, let it go
Cant hold it back anymore
Let it go, let it go
Turn away and slam the door
I dont care
What theyre going to say
Let the storm rage on,
The cold never bothered me anyway
Its funny how some distance
Makes everything seem small
And the fears that once controlled me
Cant get to me at all
Its time to see what I can do
To test the limits and break through
No right, no wrong, no rules for me
Im free
Let it go, let it go
I am one with the wind and sky
Let it go, let it go
Youll never see me cry
Here I stand
And here Ill stay
Let the storm rage on
My power flurries through the air into the ground
My soul is spiraling in frozen fractals all around
And one thought crystallizes like an icy blast
Im never going back,
The past is in the past
Let it go, let it go
And Ill rise like the break of dawn
Let it go, let it go
That perfect girl is gone
Here I stand
In the light of day
Let the storm rage on,
The cold never bothered me anyway.
I, CLAUDIA by Kristen Thomson                                                                                                  FEMALE  COMEDY
Dear Pat, It was very emotional for me to get your letter, as Im sure you can imagine, but Im glad you took the risk of discreetly getting it to me through Tiffany. This gives us a chance to communicate while I keep the restraining order until I feel safe. I must admit you sound terrific and Im happy that you are feeling so positive and becoming a more loving and caring man, which I always knew you were. I was moved to read about Excelsior and your belief in happy endings. I am also moved by your act of love to read the books I have taught at the high school. Im sorry you find them so negative, but I disagree. I think they are great works of art that reflect how hard life can be and they can also help kids prepare themselves for the hardness of life. In spite of all these positive developments, Pat, I have to say if its me reading the signs, I need to see something to prove you are ready to resume our marriage. Otherwise I find myself thinking that we might both be better off moving on with our lives separately. Please dont react quickly to this, but take time to think about it. Im glad youre doing so well. Love, Nikki.
Okay then, thats what Ill do. I will tell you a story. Can you hear them?  All those people who lived in terror of you and your judgement, all those people whose ancestors devoted themselves, sacrificed themselves, to you Can you hear them singing? Well you like to think youre a god. Well youre not a god, youre just a parasite eaten out with jealousy and envy and longing for the lives of others. You feed on them, on the memories of love and loss and birth and death and joy and sorrow. SoSo come on then, take my memories. But I hope youve got a big appetite because I have lived a long life, and I have seen a few things. I walked away from the last great Time War, I marked the passing of the time lords. I saw the birth of the universe and I watched as time ran out, moment by moment until nothing remainedNo time, no space, just me! I walked in universe where the laws of physics were devised by the mind of a mad man. And Ive watched universes freeze and creations burn. I have seen things you wouldnt believe and I have lost things you will never understand! And I know things Secrets that must never be told, knowledge that must never be spoken, knowledge that would make parasite gods blaze. So come on then. Take it! Take it all baby! Have it! You have it all!
Hey. Do you mind if I tell you a story? One you might not have heard. All the elements in your body were forged many many millions of years ago in the heart of a faraway star that exploded and died. That explosion scattered those elements across the desolations of deep space. After so, so many millions of years, these elements came together to form new stars and new planets. And on and on it went. The elements came together and burst apart, forming shoes and ships and sealing wax and cabbages and kings. Until, eventually, they came together to make you. You are unique in the universe. There is only one Merry Galel. And there will never be another.  Throwing that existence away isnt a sacrifice, its a waste.
He is a close family friend. If there were ever an emergency he would be the first I would call. Thank you for helping me today. A princess is never sure who her true friend is. Today I am sure.
Its really funny actually. Like I was not into him at first. He used to shoot spit wads at me in Spanish class, which is like so junior high, but then one night I was brushing out my hair when I got home and I found this spit wad, but it was really a note and it said Whats up and I was like, That is so cute, and then I liked himOh my God, baby, are you okay. Walk it off baby, walk it off. Your still hot baby, your still hot.
You think the truth is some big shiny disco ball of purity? Then go ahead and try it be honest. See what it gets you. Telling the truth to the wrong person at the wrong time is how i ended up where i am. Take it from me youre always better off with a really good lie
Childhood is not from birth to a certain age, but a certain age the child is grown, and puts away childish things. childhood is the kingdom where nobody dies
I dont know if I will have the time to
write any more letters because I might be
too busy trying to participate. So, if
this does end up being the last letter, I
just want you to know that I was in a bad
place before I started high school. And
you helped me.
Even if you didnt know what I was
talking about. Or know someone whos
gone through it. It made me not feel
alone.
Because I know there are people who say
all of these things dont happen. And
there are people who forget what its
like to be 16 when they turn 17.
I know these will all be stories someday.
And our pictures will become old
photographs. And well all become
somebodys mom or dad. But right now,
these moments are not stories.
This is happening. I am here. And I am
looking at her. And she is so beautiful.
I can see it. This one moment when you
know youre not a sad story. You are
alive. And as you stand up and see the
lights on buildings and everything that
makes you wonder. And you are listening
to that song on that drive with the
people you love most in this world.
And in this moment, I swear
 we are infinite.
What the hell was that!, you dont talk to me and then you say you have a crush on me, you say you want to train alone, is that how you wanna play, huh. Lets start right now!
No, dad thats not how it works. You cant threaten me Im eighteen now, and you cant do that. You cant take away my car keys Im too old for that, and you cant tell me Im not.  You cant tell me Im not allowed to date Rick, Im not fifteen anymore. And the fact that you dont trust me to make good choices is upsetting, no, never mind, its just nauseating. Im dating him and thats FINAL!
With beautiful wings of silk, a crown of baby rose buds, & they all live together in a castle. You know what its made of, sunflowers hundreds of them, so bright they shine like gold. When the angles want to go some place they just whistle like this (whistles). A cloud floats to the castle door & picks them up & the angels fly through the sky riding the cloud like a magic carpet under the moon & through the stars, until they are hovering right above us. Thats how they can look down & see if we are all right. Sometimes they even send messages to us. Of course, you cant hear the messages if you were kicking & screaming as loudly as you were. But they always try again in case if weve missed it.
You were once my one companion
You were all that mattered
You were once a friend and father
Then my world was shattered
Wishing you were somehow here again
Wishing you were somehow near
Sometimes it seemed
If I just dreamed
Somehow you would be near
Wishing I could hear your voice again
Knowing that I never would
Dreaming of you wont help me to do
All that you dreamed I could
Passing bells and sculpted angels,
Cold and monumental.
Seem, for you, the wrong companions,
You were warm and gentle.
Too many years fighting back tears,
Why cant the past just die!
Wishing you were somehow here again,
Knowing we must say goodbye!
Try to forgive, teach me to live!
Give me the strength to try!
No more memories, no more silent tears!
No more gazing across the wasted years!
Help me say goodbye
Help me say goodbye
I dont know much about myself, I know im an orphan, I know Im a freak,
and of course i know that im Japanese. But why do i have such terrible nightmares, filled with hate and blood and guts? Im not like that at all, I wouldnt even hurt a fly, oh there he goes, back to his family, oh i envy him. sometimes i wonder about my parents, are they san masters? did they serve the emperor? oh sometimes i wonder what my mom and dad are really like.
To find yourself in the negative zone, as the Fantastic Four often do, means all every day assumptions are inverted. Even the invisible girl herself becomes visible and so she loses the last semblance of her power. It seems to me that everyone exists partially on a negative zone level, some people more than others. In your life, its kind of like you dip in and out of it, a place where things dont quite work out the way they should. But for some people, theres something about the negative zone that tempts them. And they end up going in, going in all the way.
Dear Lord, thank you for this Thanksgiving holiday. And for all the material possessions we have and enjoy. And for letting us white people kill all the Indians and steal their tribal lands. And stuff ourselves like pigs, even though children in Asia are being napalmed.
We act like we have all the answers and were totally invincible, like our parents seem and their parents before them, and Im sorry, that I have to be the one to say this, but its fucking bullshit. For instance I know that you jackoff to Caroline every night instead of Vanessa, who youre supposed to be in love with. Whatever, dont even get me started on that convention, I mean, think about it. What is that convention? Were this random collection of self-interest all of a sudden and we just decide that were just gonna, were just gonna walk two by two down the fucking aisle to you know, Noahs Ark?
DAD! You ate all my cereal again, mom bought this for me! see it says, for kids. Youre supose to eat that gross grown~up food for breakfast, AND you messed up the puzzels on the back again. the bear is supose to go through the maze, not aroung it!
                                                           IM TELLING MOM!!!!!
Legend tells of a legendary warrior whose kung fu skills were the stuff of legend. He traveled the land in search of worthy foes. .. The warrior said nothing for his mouth was full, then he swallowed, and then he spoke.  He was so deadly, in fact, that his enemies would go blind from over-exposure to pure awesomeness!  There is no charge for awesomeness  or attractiveness.  It mattered not how many foes he faced, they were no match for his bodacity.  Never before had a panda been so feared and so loved. Even the most heroic heroes in all of China, the Furious Five, bowed in respect to this great master.  But hanging out would have to wait, because when youre facing the 10,000 demons of demon mountain, theres only one thing that matters and thats 
Fiona, I know everything about you, I know you sing so beautifully that birds explode. I know that when you sign your name, you put a heart over the i. I know that when you see a shooting star you cross your fingers on both hands, squinch up your nose, and you make a wish, I know that you dont like the covers wrapped around your feet, and I know that you sleep by candlelight because every time you close your eyes, youre afraid youre going to wake up back in that tower, But most importantly Fiona, I know that the reason that you turn human every day is because youve never been kissed, well, by me.
Dear Mr. Vernon, we accept the fact that we had to sacrifice a whole saturday in detention for whatever it is we did wrong, but we think youre crazy for making us write an essay telling you who we think we are. You see us as you want to see us, in the simplest terms, in the most convenient definitions. But what we found out, is that each one of us is a brain, and an athlete, and a basketcase, a princess, and a criminal. Does that answer your question? Sincerely yours, The Breakfast Club.
Ill bet he bought those for you. I bet those were a Christmas gift. You know what I got for Christmas? Oh, it was a banner fucking year at the old Bender family. I got a carton of cigarettes. The old man grabbed me and said, Hey, smoke up Johnny. Alright? So go home and cry to your Daddy. Dont cry here, okay?
No matter how many times you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again. Sometimes I just want it to stay saved! You know, for a little bit? I feel like the maid; I just cleaned up this mess! Can we keep it clean for for ten minutes!
My name is Dug. I have just met you, and I love you. My master made me this collar. He is a good and smart master and he made me this collar so that I may talk. SQUIRREL!
If only I could make him understand. I just dont see things the way he does. I just dont see how a world that makes such wonderful things could be bad. Look at this stuff, isnt it neat? Wouldnt ya think my collections complete Wouldnt you think Im the girl Girl who has everything Look at this trove, treasures untold How many wonders can one cavern hold? Looking around youd think. Sure, shes got everything. Ive got gadgets and gizmos aplenty. I have whoozits and whatzis galore. You want thingamabobs? Ive got twenty. But who cares? No big deal. I want more.
Well, I can understand how you feel. You worked hard, studying for the spelling bee, and I suppose you feel you let everyone down, and you made a fool of yourself and everything. But did you notice something, Charlie Brown? The world didnt come to an end.
Winds in the east, mist coming in. Like somethin is brewin and bout to begin. Cant put me finger on what lies in store, But I fear whats to happen all happened before
Give me a break Dont huh me! You waltz in here 25 minutes late and expect sympathy? Huh!
I have CLEANED the house, and washed all of YOUR clothes, and ran a daycare center for socially deviant munchkins, and missed Oprah! Ran this one to a ballet lesson, this one to the dentist no cavities thank you very much! Do you realize that I have slaved over a hot stove so you could have a hot meal when you come home HAH HMM HMM HMM! Sorry! HAH! Sorry! Sorry does not change the fact that my chicken tetrezini is ruined! RUINED! Its all dried out! But do you have the common courtesy to call me and tell me that you will be 25 minutes late? NO! Well, I am not an animal Oh my God, whats happening to me?
JILLIAN:
I wanted those moments  few and far between as they were. I wanted whatever time and affection you could give me. No matter what it cost me. I felt like you found comfort in me. And maybe I wasnt your first choice, you know? But I was glad that I was somewhere on the list. I let it happen again and again, more times than I can even count.
Take caution in your tone, Commander. Im a fair guy, but this fuckin heats making me absolutely crazy. You want to know about code reds?  On the record I tell you that I discourage the practice in accordance with the NIS directive. Off the record I tell you that its an invaluable  part of close infantry training, and  if it happens to go on without my knowledge, so be it. I run my unit how I run my unit. You want to  investigate me, roll the dice and take your chances. I eat breakfast 300 yards away from 4000 Cubans who are trained to kill me. So dont think for one second, that you can come down here, flash a badge, and make me nervous.
You cant handle the truth! Son we live in a world that has walls, and those walls have to be guarded by men with guns. Whose gonna do it you? You Lieutenant Weinberg? I have a greater responsibility that you can possibly fathom. You weep for Santiago and you curse the Marines. You have the luxury. You have the luxury of not knowing what I know, that Santiagos death while tragic, probably saved lives; and my existence while grotesque, and incomprehensible, to you, saves lives. You dont want the truth because deep down in places you dont talk about at parties, you want me on that well, you need me on that wall! We use words like honor, code, loyalty. We use these words as the backbone of a life spent defending something, you use them as a punchline. I have neither the time, nor the inclination to explain myself, to a man who rises and sleeps, under the blanket of the very freedom that I provide, and than questions the manner in which I provide them! Id rather you just said thank you, and went on your way. Otherwise I suggest you pick up a weapon, and stand a post. Either way, I dont give a damn, what you think you are entitled to!
I demand justice. Someone has married my brother.
He is a close family friend. If there were ever an emergency he would be the first I would call. Thank you for helping me today. A princess is never sure who her true friend is. Today I am sure.
 I had always heard your entire life flashes in front of your eyes the second before you die. First of all, that one second isnt a second at all, it stretches on forever, like an ocean of time For me, it was lying on my back at Boy Scout camp, watching falling stars And yellow leaves, from the maple trees, that lined my street Or my grandmothers hands, and the way her skin seemed like paper And the first time I saw my cousin Tonys brand new Firebird And Janie And Janie And Carolyn. I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me but its hard to stay mad, when theres so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like Im seeing it all at once, and its too much, my heart fills up like a balloon thats about to burst And then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain and I cant feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life You have no idea what Im talking about, Im sure. But dont worry you will someday. 
Its really funny actually. Like I was not into him at first. He used to shoot spit wads at me in Spanish class, which is like so junior high, but then one night I was brushing out my hair when I got home and I found this spit wad, but it was really a note and it said Whats up and I was like, That is so cute, and then I liked himOh my God, baby, are you okay. Walk it off baby, walk it off. Your still hot baby, your still hot.
Go Away. 
Heidi: (talking to herself, she has very few tears coming down her face) Heidi, remember when you  were Miss Confident, when what anyone said to you or about you didnt matter? You wish you could go back to the days when popularity was only on T.V., and now look at you, youre sitting in your room crying because Jason broke up with you right before the dance. Youre worried that everyones going to make fun of you for showing up without a date. You say that it doesnt bother you and it doesnt matter but it does, you  told Jason everything, you dated since the seventh grade and now he dumps you Junior year, and the worst part, for someone else. And Amy has been your best friend since the fifth grade but Michel was more comforting about it. (wipes away her tears) Whats wrong with me, why am I crying like an idiot, I dont need boys to be happy. I am going to go to that dance and show them that Heidi Quinn only has to be loved by three people in the world to be happy and thats Me, Myself, and I. Cause I dont anybody else.  And chances are Jason wasnt right for me anyway. Because if he really loved me he wouldnt break my heart. So Im going to pick up the pieces of this broken heart and put it back together, because God has a plan for me, and Im sure its not for me to be with Jason. So from this point on. Im done (grabs her keys and exits)
Childhood is not from birth to a certain age, but a certain age the child is grown, and puts away childish things. childhood is the kingdom where nobody dies
I aint draft dodging. I aint burning no flag, and I aint runnin to Canada. Im stayin right here. You want to send me to jail? Fine, you go right ahead. Ive been in jail for 400 years. I could be there for four or five more, but I aint goin no 10,000 miles to help murder and kill other poor people. If I want to die, Ill die right here, right now, fightin you, if I want to die. You my enemy, not no Chinese, no Vietcong, no Japanese. You my opposer  when I want freedom. You my opposer  when I want justice. You my opposer  when I want equality. Want me to go somewhere and fight for you? You wont even stand up for me right here in America, for my rights and my religious beliefs. You wont even stand up for my right here at home. You dont stand up for those young black brothers who are killing themselves out here in the deprived streets. But that isnt a problem to you because it hasnt reached wall street where all your money at. I or any other clever black man isnt putting on a khaki uniform and dropping bombs and spraying bullets onto other poor coloured people. Those who have never talked to me. Why? When these so called Negros are getting treated like dogs here in Louisville. Why should I go and fight them when I cant sit down and eat in a restaurant normally like everyone else. Whos the real enemy my brothers? Who? Those Vietcong or the establishment of the United states, I aint pointed no fingers at no one.
Those 50 stars on the flag mean the world to me but if those 50 stars want me to go and take an innocent life , then those 50 stars are useless. Those 50 stars are outweighed by the importance of the black skin thats stretch all over my body. Before the blue white and red or the stars comes the black.
Now I know for sure that ur going to ban me and confiscate my licence. But go ahead. You take everything away from me but I aint helping the racial domination of the white slave masters over the dark people of the world. Not at any cost.
My hands cant hit what my eyes cant see and Ive seen no Vietcong with my own two eyes.
The greatest, ur own. Muhammad ali.
Go on! Shoot, and we both go down and you win. Go on. Im dead anyway. I always was, right? I couldnt tell that until now. Hows that, is that what they want? I can still do this I can still do this! One more kill. Its the only thing I know how to do, bringing pride to my district. Not that it matters.
Of all the weapons in the vast soviet arsenal, nothing was more profitable than Avtomat Kalashnikova model of 1947. More commonly known as the AK-47, or Kalashnikov. Its the worlds most popular assault rifle. A weapon all fighters love. An elegantly simple 9 pound amalgamation of forged steel and plywood. It doesnt break, jam, or overheat. Itll shoot whether its covered in mud or filled with sand. Its so easy, even a child can use it; and they do. The Soviets put the gun on a coin. Mozambique put it on their flag. Since the end of the Cold War, the Kalashnikov has become the Russian peoples greatest export. After that comes vodka, caviar, and suicidal novelists. One thing is for sure, no one was lining up to buy their cars.
I know Im not as smart as you guys with all this computer shit. But, hey Im still alive, aint I? I mean, youve *got* to be running out of bad guys by now, right? Huh? Gabriel? Honestly, you can tell me. I mean, how does that work? Got some kind of service or something? Some kind of 800 number? 1-800-HENCHMEN? Oh, you know what? I bet youre still on hold with, Can I get another dead Asian hooker bitch over here right away?
Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number, though because I was playing something even riskier. There was an idea, Stark knows this, called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a groupof remarkable people to see if they could become something more. To see if they could work together when we needed them to,
to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea. In heroes. Wellits an old-fashioned notion.
Bess McNeill, for many years youve prayed for love, should I take it away from you again, is that what you want?
No, no. Im still grateful for love.
What do you want then?
I pray for Jan to come home.
He will be coming home in ten days. You must learn to endure, you  know that!
I cant wait.
This is unlike you, Bess. Out there there are people who need Jan and his work. What about them?
They dont matter.  Nothing else matters. I just want Jan home again. I pray to you, oh please, wont you send him home?
Are you sure thats what you want?
Yes.
May I kill him?
This country is a land of dreams. It can be a hard place, a cruel place. But its where I work, and I dream of a better place for my son.
Little girls shouldnt be told how pretty they are. They should grow up knowing how much their mother loves them.
I wont talk! I wont say a word!
Paradise? Paradise can go fuck itself.
O what a noble mind
The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
Pay attention and you will see how genius creates a legend.
But you know what? When you said that last time, I was kinda trippin, right? But now, youre right. I am crazy. But you know what else? I dont give a fuck. I dont give a fuck about you. I dont give a fuck about Steel. I dont give a fuck about Raheem, either. I dont give a fuck about myself. Look, I aint shit. I aint never gonna be shit and you less of a man than me, so as soon as I decide that you aint goin be shit, *pow*! So be it. You remember that, motherfucker. Cause Im the one you need to be worried about. Partner!
Well, frankly my dear, I dont give a fuck.
Ever since I realized, there was someone called a colored girl or an evil woman, a bitch or a nag I been trying not to be that and leave bitterness in somebody elses cup. Come to somebody to love me without deep and nasty smelling scars from lye or being left screaming in a street of lunatics whispering, Slut, bitch, bitch. Nigga, get out of here with all of that. I didnt have any of that for you. I brought you what joy I found. And I found joy. And then theres that woman who hurt you. And who you left three or four times. And then you went back after you put my heart in the bottom of your shoe. You just walked back to where you hurt and I didnt have nothing. So I went to where somebody had something for me, but none of them were you. I got a real dead loving here for you now, cause I dont know anymore how to avoid my own face wet with my tears because I had convinced myself that colored girls have no right to sorrow. I lived for you. I know I did it for myself, but I couldnt stand it. I couldnt stand being sorry and colored at the same time. Its so redundant in the modern world.
All right, Miss Bryant, do you want an interview? Write this down. Are you nave enough to think containing German militarism has anything to do with this war? Dont you understand that England and France own the world economy and Germany just wants a piece of it? Keep writing, Miss Bryant. Miss Bryant, cant you grasp that J. P. Morgan has loaned England and France a billion dollars? And if Germany wins, he wont get it back! More coffee? Americad be entering the war to protect J. P. Morgans money. If he loses, well have a depression. So the real question is, why do we have an economy where the poor have to pay so the rich wont lose money?


Emily is a woman in her twenties who becomes involved in a polyamorous 
relationship. She is mostly talking to the audience, but sometimes she addresses 
her friend Rita, who is onstage with her, and sometimes 
she talks to the man in question.

She had chronic depression, ever since she was twelve. Her father had depression, too. And her sister. 
And I was on antidepressants for a while, when I was her age. She was very high-functioning. She went 
years without any real incidents. She had control of it when she was in high school. And then, all of 
a sudden, things just... fell apart. She... spiraled.
I asked her to move back home, but she said no, over and over again. She was hospitalized last summer. 
But I really thought that she'd get past it. I thought, "It's just a matter of time before she finds the 
right medicine, or the right therapist... and things will go back to normal."
That day, we'd made plans to have breakfast. I called her, but she didn't answer her phone. I thought 
she'd turned it off and slept late, so I went to her apartment and knocked on her door. It wasn't locked. 
I went in, and... I found her lying on the floor in the kitchen...
Why didn't she come to me? I would have done anything for her. Anything. Didn't she know that?

Ryan, there's something I have to tell you. (Pause.) I was born in 1931. I never lied to you, I am 23. 
But I've been 23 since the year 1954.
I know, I know. It's impossible, right? No one lives forever? But, sometimes they do. In 1953, I got 
married. A few weeks after the wedding, I suddenly fell ill. My husband took me to a hospital. I was 
there for almost a week. I was in so much pain. And no one could say for sure what was wrong. One 
night, in the hospital, a stranger came to see me. He told me, "Janie, you're going to die tomorrow." 
That was my name then, the name I was born with.
This man, the stranger, he offered me a chance to live forever. He said, "You can die tomorrow, or you 
can live forever. Stay young forever." Well, of course my first thought was, the devil has come to 
tempt me. He wasn't the devil. And of course, I don't believe in the devil anymore. There are powerful 
beings on this earth, but man created Satan. And God, for that matter. My point is, this man offered 
me a chance to live. And I took it.
I will live forever. I will never age. I cannot be harmed, not physically. I can't be hurt by bullets, 
or knives, or fire, or even explosions. I can't be hurt by diseases - in fact, I can't even catch a 
cold.

When my husband was 45, he died in a car accident. At his funeral, the stranger came to see me again. 
He asked me if I wanted to... give up my gift, and... die. I thought about it. But I said, no. I 
wasn't ready. I knew there was more for me. I have centuries and centuries ahead of me. These first 
hundred years... are like a drop in the ocean...
My husband never knew about me, and he didn't have a choice. I don't want to go through that again. 
I don't want to fall in love again for twenty years. Twenty years is... gone in the blink of an eye. 
I'm looking for someone to love forever. Most people, when they say forever, they mean... well, they 
don't really mean forever. But I do. I'm in love with you, Ryan. And I'm asking you to share 
forever with me.

You see, Ma, it wasn't that I didn't love you. Daddy, too. But I
wanted us to be ACCEPTABLE, Ma. And we weren't. I wanted us to be
middle class. Educated. I wasn't ever going to be laughed at again. Did
you know I was laughed at, Ma?
  
Ma's right, Celandine. I always
loved men. Men and freedom, nobody telling me
what to do. Why, I'd run away every night if I could. I love that
moment when
you take off, just getting out of here. You've got no idea where you're
going,
or how, or if you've got enough money. You never take a suitcase to
slow you down,
just a big purse with lipstick, comb, underpants, Tampax and condoms,
because
probably you'll end up in some guy's bed. 

I was working in this place like
Las Vegas, all lights and mirrors,
but dark, y'know. Like how they never know whether it's day or night,
and the clocks don't work. But I'm all in red spangles, my hair
curled, and red fish net tights with these high-heeled red shoes like
Dorothy in The Wizard of Oz. I'm serving burgers and fries from a
runway that's moving past slot machines where all these people are
shoving in cash. You hear the machines going CLONK!
TINGLE-TINGLE-TINGLE! And they play these Bugs Bunny tunes whenever
someone wins. Most of the people are old and wrinkled, all silent like
piles of mashed potatoes with arms that keep shoving in the coins and
pulling down the levers. Their faces change colors--gold, red, blue,
green--from the slot machine lights whirling around. There's a man's
voice, too, coming outta what would be the sky, like God, only it's
this blue ceiling with star lights. He's talking real soft and smooth,
like God on Valium. Down below the runway all these men in tight,
shiny dark suits, black shirts, white ties and black hats with a
cheesy white band are grabbing at my feet. I kick at their hands,
because I'm busy, I got a job to do. But what I don't do is jab my
pointy heels into the soft part of their hands. After all, they're
just dumb guys, and everybody's hungry. I dunno what they're hungry
for, but it ain't really me, and it ain't burgers and fries. I start
crying a little, my mascara running down my face, then I'm sobbing so
hard I'm getting the food all soggy, and pretty soon everybody else is
sobbing. All the old folks at the slot machines, and the guys in the
dark suits, we sound like a bunch of hungry kids in a abandoned
nursery. We're so goddamned noisy we drown out the voice of God. 

You ask it, of course. You have the right. Sometimes I ask it, too, why Paul never succeeded. While we were struggling along, the things that held him back seemed only details. Only now do I see them as a whole. In the first place, Paul never aimed directly at success. He was all-round. If it had been merely a question of exploiting his talent, sticking to the one idea day in, day out, never letting an opportunity slip by of meeting the right people and getting to the right places ... that would have been easy. He had tremendous energy. I used to grudge his interest in other things. I hated to see him lose the chances and let them be snapped up by littler men. He seemed to waste himself, right and left, prodigally. But it wasn't that, it wasn't waste. It was all as much a part of him as his music. He detested the stupidity of wealth and poverty, he rebelled against laws that aren't laws, but only interests enforced by authority, he fought against the sheer deadness of prejudice. How he hated all that! And why not? You see, Vera, he was sensitive to it not only as a thinker, but as a musician, too. It was all a part of the discord, and what I used to think his wasting himself was really an effort to create a larger harmony. He used to say that the beauty of music is only the image of beauty in life, and that life must come first. He couldn't endure discords anywhere. Paul despised the musicians who scream at a flatted f but hunger for the flesh pots after the performance. No, he was never that. And people resented it. The very people who ought to have understood.

Mr. Worthing, I confess I feel somewhat bewildered by what you have just told me. To be born, or at any rate bred, in a hand-bag, whether it had handles or not, seems to me to display a contempt for the ordinary decencies of family life that reminds one of the worst excesses of the French Revolution. And I presume you know what that unfortunate movement led to? As for the particular locality in which the hand-bag was found, a cloak-room at a railway station might serve to conceal a social indiscretion- has probably, indeed, been used for that purpose before now- but it could hardly be regarded as an assured basis for a recognised position in good society. I would strongly advise you, Mr. Worthing, to try and acquire some relations as soon as possible, and to make a definite effort to produce at any rate one parent, of either sex, before the season is quite over. You can hardly imagine that I and Lord Bracknell would dream of allowing our only daughter- a girl brought up with the utmost care- to marry into a cloak-room, and form an alliance with a parcel? Good morning, Mr. Worthing!

What truth? You see where truth is, and where untruth is, but I seem to have lost my sight and see nothing. You boldly settle all important questions, but tell me, dear, isn't it because you're young, because you haven't had time to suffer till you settled a single one of your questions? You boldly look forward, isn't it because you cannot foresee or expect anything terrible, because so far life has been hidden from your young eyes? You are bolder, more honest, deeper than we are, but think only, be just a little magnanimous, and have mercy on me. I was born here, my father and mother lived here, my grandfather too, I love this house. I couldn't understand my life without that cherry orchard, and if it really must be sold, sell me with it! My son was drowned here.... Have pity on me, good, kind man.

There you are again! It's too awful to listen to, so it is! Nikolai Michailovitch is dead, it was the will of the Lord and the Lord has given him eternal peace. You have grieved over it and that ought to be enough. Now it's time to stop. One can't weep and wear mourning forever! My wife died a few years ago, too. I grieved for her, I wept a whole monthand then it was over. Must one be forever singing lamentations? That would be more than your husband was worth! (He sighs.) You have forgotten all your neighbors. You don't go out and you won't receive any one. We live,you'll pardon melike the spiders, and the good light of day we never see. All the livery is eaten by the miceAs though there weren't any more nice people in the world! But the whole neighborhood is full of gentlefolk. In Riblov the regiment is stationed, officerssimply beautiful! One can't see enough of them! Every Friday a ball, and military music every day. Oh, my dear, dear ma'am, young and pretty as you are, if you'd only let your spirits live! Beauty can't last forever. When ten short years are over, then you'll be glad enough to go out a bit! And meet the officersand then it'll be too late.
Well, Tommy has proposed to me again. Tommy really does nothing but propose to me. He proposed to me last night in the music-room, when I was quite unprotected, as there was an elaborate trio going on. I didn't dare to make the smallest repartee, I need hardly tell you. If I had, it would have stopped the music at once. Musical people are so absurdly unreasonable. They always want one to be perfectly dumb at the very moment when one is longing to be absolutely deaf. Then he proposed to me in broad daylight this morning, in front of that dreadful statue of Achilles. Really, the things that go on in front of that work of art are quite appalling. The police should interfere. At luncheon I saw by the glare in his eye that he was going to propose again, and I just managed to check him in time by assuring him that I was a bimetallist. Fortunately I don't know what bimetallism means. And I don't believe anybody else does either. But the observation crushed Tommy for ten minutes. He looked quite shocked. And then Tommy is so annoying in the way he proposes. If he proposed at the top of his voice, I should not mind so much. That might produce some effect on the public. But he does it in a horrid confidential way. When Tommy wants to be romantic he talks to one just like a doctor. I am very fond of Tommy, but his methods of proposing are quite out of date. I wish, Gertrude, you would speak to him, and tell him that once a week is quite often enough to propose to any one, and that it should always be done in a manner that attracts some attention.

Diane, when I knew for certain that Maurice had fallen into the sea, that they had recovered his body, that he was buried in German soil, then I felt that I should never live another moment. I felt as you have felt. I wanted to die. I could not bear it. I came here to this house. I was mad for the sight of him, for the things that he had touched and loved. I flew into his room and dragged his clothes from the pegs and crushed them to me, but even the odor and touch of his personal belongings was not enough to calm me. I came into this room. Then I drew near that chair. SomethingI don't know whatdrove me to sit in it. I flung myself into it as if it were into his arms, and I wept out all my grief. Then, all at once, a great calm came over me. I looked upon my solemn black dress in amazement and distaste. I looked into my solemn and black heart with surprise and shame. I felt that Maurice was alive, that he was not dead, Diane. Then I remembered, as I sat there, that it was in this chair that he had sat when he came to say good-by. There he had sat talking happily and confidentlyhe had seemed filled with radiance. And so he has talked to me again and again. Every day, at the same time, at twilight, I have sat there and felt myself with Maurice. We have talked together, just as we always did. There is nothing weird or supernatural about it, Diane. He is just as we knew him, as we knew him in those swift, strange moments when, in a flash, the body seems to slip aside and spirit rushes out to meet spirit. That is all. People see me cheerful and smiling and they say that I am mad. The few to whom I have told of these talks pity me and are sure that I have lost my reason. Perhaps, in a worldly sense, I am mad. But I know this, Diane, that Maurice lives as usual, more truly, than he did six weeks ago. I know that his youth has not been sacrificed in vain. As the dead plant enriches the soil from which it grew and into which it finally falls, so will this young soul in all its bloom enrich the life out of which it sprang and from which it can never entirely disappear.

Hush, you needn't speakI understand it all! It was becauseand becauseand because! Yes, yes! Now all the accounts balance. That's it. Fie, I won't sit at the same table with you.That's the reason I had to embroider tulipswhich I hateon his slippers, because you are fond of tulips; that's why we go to Lake Mlarn in the summer, because you don't like salt water; that's why my boy is named Eskilbecause it's your father's name; that's why I wear your colors, read your authors, eat your favorite dishes, drink your drinkschocolate, for instance; that's whyohmy Godit's terrible, when I think about it; it's terrible. Everything, everything came from you to me, even your passions. Your soul crept into mine, like a worm into an apple, ate and ate, bored and bored, until nothing was left but the rind and a little black dust within. I wanted to get away from you, but I couldn't; you lay like a snake

and charmed me with your black eyes; I felt that when I lifted my wings they only dragged me down; I lay in the water with bound feet, and the stronger I strove to keep up the deeper I worked myself down, down, until I sank to the bottom, where you lay like a giant crab to clutch me in your clawsand there I am lying now.
I hate you, hate you, hate you! And you only sit there silentsilent and indifferent; indifferent whether it's new moon or waning moon, Christmas or New Year's, whether others are happy or unhappy; without power to hate or to love; as quiet as a stork by a rat holeyou couldn't scent your prey and capture it, but you could lie in wait for it! You sit here in your corner of the cafL;did you know it's called "The Rat Trap" for you?and read the papers to see if misfortune hasn't befallen some one, to see if some one hasn't been given notice at the theatre, perhaps; you sit here and calculate about your next victim and reckon on your chances of recompense like a pilot in a shipwreck. Poor Amelie, I pity you, nevertheless, because I know you are unhappy, unhappy like one who has been wounded, and angry because you are wounded. I can't be angry with you, no matter how much I want to bebecause you come out the weaker one. Yes, all that with Bob doesn't trouble me. What is that to me, after all? And what difference does it make whether I learned to drink chocolate from you or some one else.

Och! be quiet now; I would be listening till the last sound of it passes into the great hills and over all the wide world.It is fitting for you to be crying, a child that cannot understand; but water shall never wet eye of mine for Dugald Stewart. Last night I was but the mother of a lad that herded sheep on the Athole hills: this morn it is I that am the mother of a man who is among the great ones of the earth. All over the land they will be telling of Dugald Stewart. Mothers will teach their children to be men by him. High will his name be with the teller of fine tales.The great men came, they came in their pride, terrible like the storm they were, and cunning with words of guile were they. Death was with them. He was but a lad, a young lad, with great length of days before him, and the grandeur of the world. But he put it all from him. "Speak," said they, "speak, and life and great riches will be for yourself." But he said no word at all! Loud was the swelling of their wrath! Let the heart of you rejoice, Morag Cameron, for the snow is red with his blood. There are things greater than death. Let them that are children shed the tears.

Frances! Ten minutes ago I would have called the man a liar who told me that you, my wife, had such a low--suspicious--mind. Do you hear me? Good God, Fannie! The world is full of low minds, I suppose--eternally ready to suspect the worst--licking their lickerish lips for a chance at a man's good name. Pah! ... Of course, the girl must be gotten away from here immediately. Fannie!

(Still hearing no answer, he jumps up and moves toward her.)

See here! Pull yourself together. There are arrangements to make. This poor creature can't be left here to face the sneers of these damned, narrow-souled provincials. She is, in a sense, a--a--dependent of ours. It seems to me we can't do less than to send her away to some place where she will be looked after--cared for, understood--in the city--Fanny, will you listen to me?

Agnes, you have kept your health living on your estate in Long Island, but you have watched the inevitable drying up of flowers and leaves in autumn and you have followed what seems to you the inevitable progress of autumn into winter--well, my hair may be white as snow, but my blood is still red! The doctors are my worst enemies. They tell me I must not eat this, I must not do that. They tell me I am getting old, that I must rest. I do not wish to rest, I simply won't grow old. When one has been a leader, one can not let younger women usurp one's position. I still have it because I will have it, because I will not let it go, but I have to strive harder for it every year, every year I must grow more imperious, more dominating, more terrorizing to hold supremacy over this new independent generation. There is that little presumptuous May Whigham. She is eighteen and so rude I should like to spank her.